And now Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
The world is filled with buttons! Some buttons we press -- such as the ones needed to operate a vehicle or machinery.
Some buttons fasten our clothes. They keep are shirts closed and our pants from falling down.
In English, the word “button” is found in many useful and common expressions.
Let’s talk about the kinds of buttons you press or push.
Young children like to push buttons – even if nothing happens. There is something very satisfying about pushing a button.
Well, did you know that people have buttons too? ~
However, these buttons are not physical things. ~
Our buttons activate or trigger our feelings. They are things to which we feel sensitive.
So, some unkind people may find it satisfying to push people’s buttons. ~
If you push someone’s buttons, you do something or talk about something that upsets them.
Button-pushers like to upset people by bringing up sore subjects. ~
For example, a woman I used to know always tried to push my buttons by bringing up an old boyfriend. ~
But then finally, I told her I did not not care. After that, she stopped trying to push the old boyfriend button.
However, pushing someone’s buttons can also happen accidentally. ~
Sometimes we don’t mean to, but we can bring up an issue that is touchy to someone else.
Now, let’s talk about the kind of buttons on clothing.
As you know already, buttons are fasteners on our clothes. ~
They keep them shut. Well, imagine if our mouths had buttons. We could fasten them shut to keep silent.
And that gives us some impolite expressions. They all mean to be quiet.
If I tell someone to button their mouth, button their lip or to simply button it, I am telling them to shut up. Like I said, the expressions are rude.
But there is another way we use “button” in our conversations.
For a button on our clothing to work, it needs a buttonhole. Otherwise, you can’t fasten them. ~
A buttonhole traps the button. So, if you buttonhole someone in a conversation, you trap them. ~
Like a button that has slipped into a buttonhole, they cannot escape.
Now, you can buttonhole someone with a fun topic. ~
But usually, we use this term when someone talks to you for a long time about something you don’t want to hear. ~
If you are buttonholed over an unpleasant topic, you can also say that someone had you cornered.
Now, let’s hear some of these terms used between two friends.
A: Where have you been? I’ve been looking all over for you. Have you tried the cake? It is SO good.
B: I haven’t had anything to eat or drink yet! Jen had me buttonholed for an hour about her work project.
A: Not cool. A party is NOT the place to corner someone about work.
B: And she knows I wanted to work on that project.
A: Really not cool! She just wants to push your buttons. And you’re too nice to tell her to button it. Are you still upset about the project?
B: No, I’m over it. And I told her. I also told her that I don’t want to talk about work anymore at a party.
A: Good. Not caring is the best way to deal with a button-pusher. Uh-oh. Look over there. Now she’s got David buttonholed.
B: Poor guy. But he can take care of himself. Now, where is that cake you were talking about?
And that brings us to the end of this Words and Their Stories.
Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo.

现在是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
世界上到处都是按钮!有一些按钮是可以按下的——比如操作车辆或机器所需的按钮。
有些按钮(扣子)系住了我们的衣服。它们让我们的衬衫拉紧，我们的裤子不会掉下来。
在英语中，“button”这个词出现在许多有用和常见的表达中。
让我们谈谈你按下的按钮种类。
小孩子喜欢按按钮——即使什么也没发生。按下按钮会让人非常满足。
你知道人也有按钮吗?～
然而，这些按钮并不是实体的东西。～
我们的按钮激活或触发了我们的感觉。它们是我们感到敏感的东西。(让人生气的事情)
所以，一些不友善的人可能会觉得激怒别人很满足。～
如果你按下什么人的按钮，意思是你做的事或说的事让他们不高兴。
爱按按钮的人喜欢提起令人不快的话题，让人心烦。～
例如，我以前认识的一个女人总是提起我的前男友来惹我生气。～
但最后，我告诉她我不在乎。从那以后，她就不再拿前男友来惹我了。
然而，触怒某人也可能是意外发生的。～
有时我们不是故意的，但我们有可能提出一个对别人来说很敏感的问题。
现在，让我们谈谈衣服上的扣子。
你已经知道，扣子是衣服上的紧固件。～
他们把门关着。想象一下如果我们的嘴有扣子。我们可以把它们关上以保持安静。
这就给了我们一些不礼貌的表达。这些表达的意思是'给我安静点!' 。
如果我命令某人 button their mouth，button their lip，或者干脆 button it，我是在告诉他们闭嘴。就像我说的，这些表达很粗鲁。
但是我们在对话中还有另一种使用button的方式。
要使衣服上的扣子起作用，它需要一个扣眼。否则，你就无法固定它们。～
扣眼夹住了钮扣。所以，如果你在对话中 buttonhole 某人，你就困住了他们。～
就像纽扣滑进了扣眼，他们逃不掉。
现在，你可以用一个有趣的话题来套话别人。～
但通常，当某人和你说了很长时间你不想听的事情时，我们会用这个词。～
如果你被一个不愉快的话题困住了，你也可以说 someone had you cornered (某人把你逼入绝境了)。
现在，让我们来听一些在两个朋友之间使用的这些术语术语。
A:你去哪儿了?我一直在到处找你。你尝过蛋糕吗?太好吃了。
B:我还没吃东西喝东西呢!珍拉着我唠她的工作项目唠了一个小时。
A:真没意思。派对不是在工作上逼别人的地方。
B:而且她知道我想参与那个项目。
A:那更没意思了!她只是想刺激你。你太好了，不忍心让她闭嘴。你还在为那个项目烦恼吗?
B:不，我已经不喜欢了。我告诉了她。我还告诉她，我不想在派对上再谈工作了。
A:好。对待 button-pusher 最好的方式就是不在乎。哦。看那边。现在她把大卫给套住了。
B:可怜的家伙。但他能照顾好自己。你说的那个蛋糕呢?
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。
下期节目见, 我是 Anna Matteo