Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will continue to answer a question from Gustavo in Brazil about describing his teacher using the linking verb “be” and other adjectives.
Hello, my name is Gustavo, from Brazil.
I have been learning English with you for many years. Thank you for all of the stories!
I have a question. I want to say, "my Spanish teacher" meaning "my teacher from Spain". Then I realized that it could also mean "my teacher that teaches Spanish language classes.”
So, which is it? Does it mean both? Thank you very much for reading my message!
Gustavo, Thanks once again, Gustavo, for the question.
Last week we looked at two ways to describe your teacher.
The first way was with proper adjectives. We use the proper adjective of a language, like “Spanish,” to describe teachers or students of a language.
The second way we can describe your teacher is to talk about where they are from, using the preposition “from.” This can be useful if you want to be exact about where they were born or are “from.”
So, if your teacher does not teach Spanish, then using “from” is a better choice. You can say, "My teacher is from Spain."
We also have two other ways we can describe your teacher in a bit more detail.
We can also use the linking verb “be.” For example, My teacher is Spanish.
Here we use the linking verb “be” and the proper adjective of “Spanish” after the verb. This means that the teacher is of Spanish heritage or culture.
But, be careful. This does not always mean that the teacher is “from” Spain. They could have been born somewhere else but have Spanish parents. Heritage and culture are not always the same as a person’s nationality or where they were born.
In the US, we commonly use this kind of expression when we talk about where our families or ancestors come from since many Americans consider their heritage to be from other parts of the world. For example,
My friend Pedro is Puerto Rican.
Lena’s family is Polish, but she is American.
We can use an additional adjective to describe what kind of teacher you have if they do not teach a language. We can then combine this with the linking verb “be” and say where they are from. For example,
My economics teacher is from India.
Their French teacher is from Canada.
Remember, it is sometimes small details that ensure your meaning is understood and mistakes are avoided.
Please let us know if these new explanations and examples this week have helped you, Gustavo!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo.

你好!在本周的“问老师”节目中，我们将继续回答来自巴西的Gustavo关于使用连接动词“be”和其他形容词来描述他的老师的问题。
大家好，我是Gustavo，来自巴西。
我和你一起学英语很多年了。谢谢你所有的故事!
我有一个问题。我想说“my Spanish teacher”，意思是“我来自西班牙的老师”。然后我意识到它也可以表示“我教西班牙语课的老师”。
那么，到底是哪一种呢?两者都是吗?非常感谢您阅读我的信息!
Gustavo，再次感谢你的问题。
上周我们学习了两种描述老师的方式。
第一种方法是使用专有形容词。我们使用一门语言的专有形容词，如“Spanish”，来描述和一门语言相关的老师或学生。
我们描述你的老师的第二种方式是用介词“from”来谈论他们来自哪里。如果你想要确切地知道他们出生在哪里或“来自”哪里，这可能会很有用。
所以，如果你的老师不教西班牙语，那么使用“from”是一个更好的选择。你可以说:“我的老师来自西班牙。”
我们还有另外两种方式来更详细地描述你的老师。
我们也可以用连系动词be。例如，我的老师是西班牙人。
在这里，我们使用连接动词“be”和“Spanish”的适当形容词。这意味着老师有着西班牙的传统或文化。
但是,要小心。这并不总是意味着老师“来自”西班牙。他们可能出生在其他地方，但父母是西班牙人。传统和文化并不总是与一个人的国籍或出生地相同。
在美国，当我们谈论我们的家庭或祖先来自哪里时，我们通常使用这种表达，因为许多美国人认为他们的传统来自世界其他地方。例如,
我的朋友佩德罗是波多黎各人。
莉娜的家人是波兰人，但她是美国人。
我们可以用一个额外的形容词来描述你有什么样的老师，如果他们不教一门语言。然后我们可以把它和连系动词“be”结合起来，说出它们来自哪里。例如,
我的经济学老师来自印度。
他们的法语老师来自加拿大。
记住，有时是一些小细节确保你的意思被理解和避免错误。
请让我们知道本周这些新的解释和例子是否帮助了你，Gustavo!
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期节目。我是Faith Pirlo。