Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from Jego about the difference between “refuse” and “reject.”
Dear Learning English, What is the difference between, “refuse” and “reject?” Thanks, Jego from Ethiopia.  
Dear Jego, Thank you for your question.
Both “refuse” and “reject” are verbs. They can also be used as nouns. 
As verbs, they can have a similar meaning, but there are slight differences in how we use them.
We commonly use “refuse” with another infinitive verb to say we are not willing to do something. For example:
I refuse to go outside today because it is too hot.
She refused to take the crowded subway.
We can also use the verb “refuse” with a direct object to say we do not accept or want it.
I refused another piece of cake.
He refuses her invitation to dinner.
Lastly, “refuse” can also mean not permitting or letting someone do or have something. For example:
The supervisor refused his request for more money.
As a noun, “refuse” means garbage that is thrown out regularly. The stress is on the first syllable of the word. So instead of “re-FUSE “(a verb), we say it as “RE-fuse.” It is not very common to use this word in everyday speech, but here is an example.
Our neighborhood collects refuse every Monday, including garbage and recycling.
Now onto “reject.”
As a verb, “to reject something” means that you completely do not accept something or that you do not agree to it. We use “reject” with a direct object. For example,
Some people reject modern living, like driving cars or using computers.
There are specific ways we can use “reject.” Proposals, applications, offers or requests can be “rejected,” especially, if minimum requirements were not met.
My visa application was rejected because I forgot to sign it.
Another use of “reject” is when we talk about the human body. Sometimes the body rejects a new organ or even the food we eat.
After her kidney transplant, Selena Gomez, took medication so that her body did not reject the new organ.
I had a stomach virus last week, and my body rejected anything I tried to eat.
As a noun, a reject is something that cannot be used or sold because something might be wrong with it. 
It can also mean something that is not wanted. Like the noun of “refuse,” the first syllable is stressed.
My sister gives me rejects of old clothes when she no longer wears them.
Both “refuse” and “reject” can mean not to accept something, but their uses can be very different.
Refuse can take a direct object or it can be used with an infinitive verb. Reject cannot be used with other verbs. It only takes a direct object.
Please let us know if these examples and explanations have helped you, Jego.
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com.
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo. 

译文:
你好!在本周的“有问必答”节目中，我们将回答Jego提出的关于“refuse”和“reject”的区别的问题。
“refuse”和“reject”的区别是什么?谢谢，来自埃塞俄比亚的Jego。
亲爱的Jego，谢谢你的问题。
"refuse"和"reject"都是动词。它们也可以用作名词。
作为动词，它们可以有相似的意思，但在使用它们的方式上略有不同。
我们通常用refuse和另一个不定式动词连用来表示我们不愿意做某事。例如:
今天我拒绝出去，因为太热了。
她拒绝乘坐拥挤的地铁。
我们也可以用动词refuse和直接宾语连用来表示我们不接受或不想要它。
我拒绝再吃一块蛋糕。
他拒绝了她的晚餐邀请。
最后，“refuse”也可以指不允许或不让某人做某事或拥有某事。例如:
主管拒绝了他增加工资的要求。
作为名词，“refuse”指的是定期扔掉的垃圾。重音在这个单词的第一个音节上。所以我们不说“re-FUSE”(动词)，而是说“re-FUSE”。这个词在日常生活中并不常见，但这里有一个例子。
我们小区每周一收垃圾，包括垃圾和可回收物。
现在到“reject”。
作为动词，“to reject something”意味着你完全不接受或不同意某事。我们把reject和一个直接宾语连用。例如,
有些人拒绝现代生活，比如开车或使用电脑。
我们可以用一些特定的方式来使用“reject”。提案、申请、提议或请求可能会被“reject”，尤其是在不满足最低要求的情况下。
我的签证申请被拒绝了，因为我忘记签字了。
reject的另一个用法是当我们谈论人体的时候。有时身体会排斥新的器官，甚至排斥我们吃的食物。
在接受肾移植手术后，Selena Gomez服用了药物，以避免身体对新器官产生排斥反应。
我上周得了胃病，我的身体排斥我吃的任何东西。
作为名词，reject是不能使用或出售的东西，因为它可能有问题。
它也可以指不想要的东西。就像“refuse”这个名词一样，第一个音节重读。
我姐姐会给我一些旧衣服,当她不再穿它们时。
"refuse"和"reject"都可以表示不接受某事，但它们的用法可能非常不同。
Refuse可接直接宾语，也可与不定式动词连用。Reject不能和其他动词一起使用。它只接受一个直接对象。
请让我们知道这些例子和解释是否对你有帮助，Jego。
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com。
本期节目。我是Faith Pirlo。
