This Is 'The Best Thing Since Sliced Bread'!

And now, Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
On this program we explore words and expressions in the English language. ~
We give definitions, notes on usage, and examples.
Today we talk about innovation. ~
Innovation is an improved way of doing something. ~
Innovation can lead to change that makes for a better product or idea. ~
Sometimes innovation involves a new, physical invention.
Some innovations are revolutionary.
Innovation brings us to the world of bread and today's expression: “the best thing since sliced bread.”
“The best thing since sliced bread” describes a new, excellent thing that makes a great improvement to something. ~
For example, the new map and direction app on my smartphone is the best thing since sliced bread! ~
Now, when driving I find my destinations easily and only get lost when my phone dies.
But where does this expression come from?
Well, for many years, bread has been a main part of meals for many people around the world. ~
Most bread comes in a long form, called a loaf. ~
A bread loaf travels well. You can buy a loaf of bread, stick in your bag, and make it home without the bread getting damaged. ~
And on the way, you can break off a piece of bread for a little snack.
But when making a sandwich, you need two slices of bread of the same thickness. ~
If you had to cut them yourself, that may not happen. ~
One may be thicker than the other -- one of life’s little annoyances.
Well, that changed in the late 1920s. ~
An inventor in the United States brought an innovation to the world of bread. ~
Otto Frederick Rohwedder invented the bread slicer. ~
The machine cut the bread into individual slices of the same size.
Soon after, he invented a machine that sliced the bread and then packaged it. ~
Later, a small machine to toast the bread was invented. The slices fit neatly into the toaster. ~
Toasters can be found in homes across the U.S. and other countries.
Sliced bread became even more popular. People love bread and Rohwedder’s creation revolutionized the bread industry.
So, being described as the “best thing since sliced bread” is high praise, indeed.
Here is another example.
A: So, what do you think of the chief’s new policy on paid leave?
B: It’s the best thing since sliced bread! I’m going to use the extra vacation time to visit friends in Paris.
Please note: People also use the expression as an insult.
Let’s say you know someone who thinks very highly of herself. ~
she thinks she can do no wrong. You don’t agree. You could say, “She thinks she’s the best thing since sliced bread.”
And that's the end of this Words and Their Stories.
Until next time, I’m Anna Matteo.

自切片面包以来最好的东西

现在是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
在这个节目中，我们探索英语中的单词和表达。～
我们会给出定义、用法和示例。
今天我们来谈谈创新。～
创新是一种改进的做事方式。～
创新可以导致改变，从而产生更好的产品或想法。～
有时创新包括一项新的物理发明。
有些创新是革命性的。
创新把我们带到了面包的世界和今天的表达:“the best thing since sliced bread。”
“The best thing since slice bread”描述的是一种新的、优秀的东西，它对某物进行了极大的改进。～
例如，我智能手机上的新地图和方向应用程序是自切片面包以来最好的东西!～
现在，当我开车时，我很容易找到我的目的地，只有当我的手机没电时才会迷路。
但是这个表达是怎么来的呢?
ok，多年来，面包一直是世界各地许多人膳食的主要组成部分。～
大多数面包都是长形的，叫做loaf。～
loaf容易携带。你可以买一条面包，塞进你的包里，然后回家而面包不会被损坏。～
在路上，你可以折一片面包当点心吃。
但是当做三明治时，你需要两片同样厚度的面包。～
如果你必须自己剪，那就不会发生了(即你无法做成一样的厚度)。～
一个可能比另一个厚——这是生活中的小烦恼之一。
但在20世纪20年代末，情况发生了变化。～
美国的一位发明家为面包的世界带来了一项创新。～
Otto Frederick Rohwedder 发明了切面包机。～
这台机器把面包切成大小相同的单片。
不久之后，他发明了一种机器，可以将面包切片并包装起来。～
后来，人们发明了一种烤面包的小机器。这些切片刚好能放进烤面包机里。～
烤面包机在美国和其他国家的家庭中随处可见。
切片面包变得更加受欢迎。人们喜欢面包，Rohwedder 的发明彻底改变了面包行业。
因此，被描述为“自切片面包以来最好的东西”确实是很高的评价。
这是另一个例子。
A:那么，你认为主任关于带薪休假的新政策怎么样?
B:这是自切片面包以来最好的东西!我打算利用多出来的假期去巴黎拜访朋友。
请注意:人们也用这个表达来侮辱人。
假设你认识一个非常自视甚高的人。～
她认为她不会做错事。你不同意。你可以说，“她认为她是自切片面包以来最好的东西。”
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。
下期见，我是Anna Matteo。