News reports and everyday discussions increasingly involve the term “attention,” as in the “attention economy” - the idea that human attention is a limited resource.
If you wanted to talk about “attention,” how would you do so? What terms and structures would you use?
In today’s report, we will explore the noun, attention, and some terms that connect to it. You will learn about the most common ways Americans talk about “attention.”
The Online Etymology Dictionary describes the history and meaning of many words.
It suggests that the noun “attention” dates to the late 1300s, with the meaning of “active direction of the mind upon some object or topic.”
The Online Etymology Dictionary also suggests that the term “is used with a remarkable diversity of verbs.”
One of the most commonly used verbs with the noun “attention” is “pay.”
You might link the verb “pay” with money. You “pay money” for something. For example, you could say “I paid $100 for this phone.”
But in modern times, the most common kind of “paying,” Google’s Ngram suggests, is with attention.
The most common way this structure appears is as this: pay attention to.
Google’s Ngram shows “pay attention to” becoming more common during the 1980s. That growth has continued up to the present (or at least up to 2019, the latest year included in the data).
This change suggests an increasing concern about attention.
Here are a few ways you might hear Americans use “pay attention to...”
A daily reader of news or social media might say:
I pay attention to the news.
Or
I pay attention to trends on social media.
In the negative form, a person might use the auxiliary verb “do,” as in:
I don't pay attention to social media.
In the case of regret, a person might use the modal “should,” as in:
I should have paid attention to my parents.
But we do not only “pay attention.” We can also “draw attention,” meaning to cause attention to be given to someone or something.
Google’s Ngram suggests that the structure “draw attention” has become more common in recent years.
And while English speakers might use the verb “draw” with other nouns, the most common use of the verb “draw” is with “attention.”
For example, a teacher might say “I would like to draw your attention to the image on page 37.”
Sometimes Americans use modifiers before the noun “attention.” For example, a person might say,
That social media post drew a lot of attention.
In this case, “a lot of” appears in between the main verb, draw, and the noun, attention.
We also use “attention” with several other verbs - “attract,” “receive,” “deserve,” “get” and “give.”
There are differences in the way these terms are used. ~
“Receive attention” describes a fact. For example, a person might say that an event “received a lot of attention." Or, a person might say that the event “received very little attention.”
Other structures make a claim about value. The structure “deserves attention,” for example, could suggest that something has not been the subject of attention - but it should be.
For example, a person might say:
This problem deserves attention.
Or:
This issue deserves more attention.
An important idea related to “attention” is the verb (and noun) “focus.”
The verb form of “focus” means to direct your attention or effort at something.
As with other structures that use the noun “attention,” “focus” has become more common over the past thirty years, Google’s Ngram suggests.
“Pay attention to” and “focus” have very similar meanings. But in everyday situations, we sometimes use them in slightly different ways.
Still, if you use one in place of the other, your meaning will probably be understood.
The idea of this report was to draw your attention to the term “attention” - and some related ideas, such as “focus.”
In the future, consider how debates about “attention” play out in the news or everyday discussions.
For example, you might read a news story about companies trying to “attract attention to” their social media services by using advertising. ~
You might hear a person suggest that too many people are “paying too much attention to” social media.
Or, critics of the “attention economy” might “draw attention to” problems that it creates. They might say “people cannot focus on what matters,” for example.
Let’s end this report with a chance to use the ideas described today. Write a short response to one of the following questions:
1. What do you pay attention to? Why do you pay attention to it?
2. What should people pay attention to? Why should people pay attention to it?
Write us in the comments section of our website, learningenglish.voanews.com, or write us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com.
I'm John Russell.

译文:
新闻报道和日常讨论越来越多地涉及到“attention”这个词，就像在“注意力经济”中一样——人类的注意力是一种有限的资源。
如果你想谈论“attention”，你会怎么做?你会使用什么术语和结构?
在今天的报道中，我们将探讨名词“attention”，以及与之相关的一些术语。你将了解美国人谈论“attention”的最常见方式。
在线词源学词典描述了许多单词的历史和含义。
它表明，“attention”这个名词可以追溯到14世纪晚期，意思是“思想对某一物体或话题的主动引导”。
《在线词源学词典》还指出，这个词“与多种多样的动词一起使用”。
与名词attention连用得最多的动词之一是pay。
你可以把动词pay和money联系起来。你为某事“付钱”。例如，你可以说“我花了100美元买这个手机。”
但谷歌的Ngram认为，在现代社会，最常见的“支付”方式是“付出关注”。
这种结构最常见的出现方式是这样的:pay attention to(v. 注意...)。
谷歌的Ngram显示“注意”在20世纪80年代变得越来越普遍。这种增长一直持续到目前(或至少持续到2019年，这是数据包含的最近一年)。
这一变化表明，人们越来越关注注意力。
这里有几种你可能听到美国人使用“pay attention to…”
每日阅读新闻或社交媒体的人可能会说:
我关注新闻。
或
我关注社交媒体上的趋势。
在否定形式中，人们可以使用助动词“do”，例如:
我不关注社交媒体。
在遗憾的情况下，人们可以使用情态动词“should”，例如:
我应该多关心我的父母。
但我们不仅仅是“pay attention”。我们也可以用“draw attention”，意思是引起对某人或某事的注意。
谷歌的Ngram表明，“draw attention”这个结构近年来变得越来越普遍。
虽然说英语的人可能会把动词“draw”和其他名词连用，但“draw”最常见的用法是和“attention”连用。
例如，老师可能会说:“我想让你们注意到第37页的图片。”
有时美国人在名词“注意”前使用修饰语。例如，一个人可能会说，
这条社交媒体帖子引起了大量关注。
在这种情况下，“很多”出现在主要动词“draw”和名词“attention”之间。
我们还把“attention”和其他几个动词一起使用——“吸引”、“接受”、“值得”、“得到”和“给予”。
这些术语的使用方式有所不同。～
“Receive attention”描述的是一个事实。例如，一个人可能会说一个事件“受到了很多关注”。或者，一个人可能会说这件事“很少受到关注”。
还有一些结构是关于价值的。例如，“值得注意”这个结构可能意味着某件事还没有引起注意——但它应该引起注意。
例如，有人可能会说:
这个问题值得关注。
或者:
这个问题值得更多的关注。
与“attention”相关的一个重要概念是动词(和名词)“focus”。
“focus”的动词形式意味着将你的注意力或精力集中在某事上。
谷歌的Ngram表示，和其他使用名词“attention”的结构一样，“focus”在过去30年变得越来越普遍。
“Pay attention to”和“focus”的意思非常相似。但在日常生活中，我们有时会以略微不同的方式使用它们。
不过，如果你用其中一个来代替另一个，你的意思可能会被理解。
本报告的想法是提请你们注意“注意”一词以及一些相关的想法，如“重点”。
未来，想想关于“attention”的争论是如何在新闻或日常讨论中发生的。
例如，你可能会读到一篇关于公司试图通过广告来“吸引注意力”他们的社交媒体服务的新闻报道。～
你可能会听到有人说，太多人“太关注”社交媒体了。
或者，“注意力经济”的批评者可能会把注意力吸引到它所造成的问题上。例如，他们可能会说“人们无法专注于重要的事情”。
让我们用一个机会来使用今天描述的想法来结束这个报告。对以下问题写一篇简短的回答:
1. 你关注什么?你为什么要关注它呢?
2. 人们应该注意什么?为什么人们要关注它?
请在我们网站的评论区写信给我们，learningenglish.voanews.com，或给我们写电子邮件learningenglish@voanews.com。
我是John Russell。