And now Words and Their Stories from VOA Learning English.
In life, things can get tough. Sometimes, it is good not to let things bother us. ~
Letting things roll off our backs is a good life skill. ~
When things roll off our backs, they are out of our minds. They no longer bother us.
But, let’s face it … sometimes, things do bother us. Sometimes in life, we are pushed to our limit.
So, on today’s program, we talk about those times when we have had enough!
We have a couple of expressions that help us describe that state of mind. They involve the word straw.
First, let’s define straw. Straw is the dry stem of plants like wheat or other grains.~
TheHayManager.com says, “Straw is yellow or golden colored and is a byproduct of the grain harvest.”
In other words, it is a waste product of wheat. But it has many uses.
In a garden, you can use straw on top of soil to keep it from drying out. Straw can also keep weeds from growing.
Straw, especially dry straw, is not very nutritious. But because it is hollow, straw makes excellent bedding for animals. ~
Horses, cows, goats, and camels may enjoy a good night’s sleep on a straw bed.
Animals not only sleep on straw. Some may also have to carry bales of straw on their backs.
And that brings us to this expression: the straw that broke the camel’s back.
Merriam-Webster dictionary says the expression means “the last in a series of bad things that happen to make someone very upset, angry, …” or some other bad feeling.
The straw that broke the camel’s back was one straw too many. ~
With that piece added to the camel’s back, the load became too heavy to bear. ~
In other words, it is the last thing to happen that makes you give up on something.
Here is an example: ~
Let’s say I have a friend who constantly lets me down. ~
When he says he is going to do something, he never does it. And he always promises next time will be different.
Well, one day I told him I was going out of town for two days and needed someone to feed my cat. ~
He offered to help. I was not so sure. But he promised that he would take care of my cat Meepers. ~
I believed him and left my cat in his care. Well, guess what? He forgot to feed her! She went two whole days without food! ~
Luckily, Meepers is a very fat cat. But still, that was unforgivable.
It was the straw that broke the camel’s back. I am never trusting him again.
We have a similar straw expression but without the camel.
The last straw is the last thing that pushes you to some sort of limit. You cannot take a situation anymore because of that last straw.
Here’s another example: ~
Earlier this year, I joined a local yoga studio. It was very close to my home. So, that was good. ~
But other things about the studio were not. It was very small. So, when I did yoga positions, I would often get hit by other people. ~
That bothered me. Also, the teacher talked too much about modern philosophy during the class. That got on my nerves. ~
But then she raised the cost of her classes. The price almost doubled!
That was the last straw. I decided just to do yoga at home with a YouTube instructor. I save money. And if the instructor talks too much, I can just turn down the sound.
And that’s all the time we have for this Words and Their Stories.
Don't forget to practice using last straw or the straw that broke the camel's back.
Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo.

现在是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
在生活中，事情会变得麻烦。有时候，不让事情打扰我们是好的。～
让事情从背上滚走(意思是:背负了很多事情, 其中有些不好的, 勇敢地甩掉它们)是一个不错的生活技能。～
当事情滚下我们的背，它们就远离我们的脑海了。它们不再打扰我们。
但是，现在让我们面对它们，有时候，事情确实会困扰我们。有时在生活中，我们会被逼到极限。
所以，在今天的节目中，我们来谈谈那些我们已经受够了的时刻!
我们有几个短语可以帮助我们描述这种心理状态。它们涉及到 straw 这个词。
首先，让我们来定义 straw。 straw 是小麦或其他谷物等植物的干茎
TheHayManager.com 说:“straw 是黄色或金色的，是谷物收获的副产品。”
换句话说，它是小麦的废料。但它有很多用途。
在花园中，你可以在土壤上用 straw 来防止土壤变干。 straw 还可以防止杂草生长。
straw，尤其是干 straw，没有什么营养。但是因为稻草是中空的，所以它是动物的绝佳的床褥。～
马、牛、山羊和骆驼可以在草床上睡个好觉。
动物不仅睡在稻草上。有些动物可能还要背上成捆的稻草。
这就引出了这个短语:压垮骆驼的那根稻草。
韦氏词典解释说，这个表达的意思是“一系列糟糕的事情中的最后一件，使某人非常沮丧、生气、……”或其他不好的感觉。
压垮骆驼的那根稻草就是过多的那一根稻草。～
把那根草加到骆驼背上后，负荷就变得太重了。～
换句话说，它是发生的最后一件事情，从而让你放弃某事。
下面是一个例子:~
假设我有一个朋友，他总是让我失望。～
当他说他要做某事时，他从来没有做到过。他总是保证下次会有所不同。
有一天，我告诉他我要出城两天，需要有人帮我喂猫。～
他表示愿意帮忙。我不太确定。但他答应会照顾我的猫 Meepers。～
我相信了他的话，把我的猫交给他照顾。好吧,你猜怎么着? 他忘了喂她!她整整两天没有吃东西!～
幸运的是，Meepers 是一只非常胖的猫。但这仍然是不可原谅的。
这是压垮骆驼的最后一根稻草。我再也不会相信他了。
我们有一个类似的和稻草相关的表达，但没有那只骆驼。
The last straw 是把你推到某种极限的最后一件事情。 因为最后的一根稻草, 导致你不能再忍受现状了。
下面是另一个例子:~
今年早些时候，我加入了当地的一家瑜伽工作室。它离我家很近。这很好。～
但工作室的其他事情却并非如此。它非常小。所以，当我做瑜伽姿势的时候，经常会被别人撞到。～
这很烦。 此外，老师在课堂上讲了太多的现代哲学。 那让我心烦意乱。～
然而后来她提高了学费。价格几乎翻了一番!
真是忍无可忍了。 我决定在 YouTube 上的教练的指导下在家做瑜伽。我省了钱。 另外如果这个教练得得得个不停，我还可以把声音关小。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。
别忘了练习使用 last straw 或 the straw that broke the camel's back。
回头见, 我是 Anna Matteo。