Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we answer a question from Humera in Pakistan. Humera writes,
Amazing way of teaching. I would like to know the difference between alright (one word) and all right (two words).Thanks.
Dear Humera,  Thank you for writing to us. 
This set of words is interesting because it shows a possible change in the English language. 
The two separate words “all right” and the single word “alright” both describe something that is fairly good or acceptable. 
We use them in the same way we use the expression “okay.”
Let us begin with the two-word adjective, “all right.” In this example, you can see that “all right” means something is not outstanding or special:
That writer’s first book was great but her second one was just all right.
We also use “all right” to talk about someone’s health. It means a person is healthy or not sick.
I asked Mom if she was feeling better and she said she was all right.
You may hear “all right” used as an adverb along with verbs like “seem.”
The milk is a week old, but it seems all right, because it doesn’t smell bad.
You will often hear “all right’ at the beginning or end of a statement:
Let him know I stopped by, all right?
So, you’re free tonight? All right, let’s go to the movies.
Now, let us consider the single word, “alright.”
Here is where you can see language change happening in real time. You can use it in the same ways we talked about here with “all right” as two words. 
In writing, it gives a more informal feeling. 
Language experts say that this written form is appearing more frequently these days and may be based on the idea that the expression is similar to the adverbs “already” and “altogether.” 
When you want to make someone feel better, you might say,
Everything is going to be alright.
You may also have heard this expression as two words repeated many times in popular songs and in movies. Here is the song Hey Ya by Outkast:
I say what's, what's cooler than being cool? (Ice Cold!) All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right Okay now, ladies (Yeah?)
However, you should know that some English speakers consider alright (one word) to be a mistake.
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Jill Robbins. And I’m Faith Pirlo. 


译文

你好!在本周的“有问必答”节目中，我们回答Humera的问题,他来自巴基斯坦。 Humera写道,
令人惊叹的教学方式。我想知道"alright"(一个词)和"all right"(两个词)之间的区别。谢谢。
亲爱的 Humera:谢谢你给我们写信。
这组单词很有趣，因为它显示了英语语言中可能发生的变化。
两个单独的单词“all right”和一个单词“alright”都描述了相当好或可以接受的事情。
我们使用它们的方式和“okay”一样。
让我们从两个词的形容词“all right”开始。在这个例子中，你可以看到“all right”的意思是某事不突出或不特别:
那个作家的第一本书很好，但她的第二本书还行。
我们也用“all right”来谈论某人的健康。它意味着一个人健康或没有生病。
我问妈妈她是否感觉好些了，她说她没事。
你可能会听到“all right”作为副词和“seem”这样的动词一起使用。
这牛奶放了一个星期了，但似乎还好，因为它没有难闻的味道。
你经常会在一个陈述句的开头或结尾听到“all right”:
告诉他我来过，好吗?
你今晚有空吗?好吧，我们去看电影吧。
现在，让我们考虑一个单词，“alright”。
在这里你可以看到语言的实时变化。你可以用同样的方式使用它，就像我们在这里说的，把“all right”作为两个单词一样。
在写作中，它给人一种更随意的感觉。
语言专家说，这种书面形式最近出现得越来越频繁，可能是基于这种表达类似于副词“already”和“altogether”的想法。
当你想让某人感觉更好时，你可能会说，
一切都会好起来的。
你可能也在流行歌曲和电影中多次听到过这个表达。下面是Outkast的《Hey Ya》:
我说，还有什么比酷更酷的?(冰冷的!)好了，好了，好了，好了，好了，好了，好了，好了，好了，好了，好了，好了，好了，现在，女士们(是吗?)
然而，你应该知道，一些说英语的人认为alright(一个单词)是一个错误。
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期节目内容。我是吉尔·罗宾斯。我是费斯·皮尔洛。