原文

And now Words and Their Stories from VOA Learning English.
On this program we explore words and expressions in the English language. And today we talk about being lucky or having a great success -- or both!
There are times in our lives when everything seems to go our way. We win big. In other words, we hit the jackpot.
In a very literal way, to hit the jackpot means to win a lot of money. A jackpot is the most valuable prize in a game of chance.
A lottery is one such game of chance. People buy tickets, but only a few tickets are chosen by chance to win prizes.
Some states in the U.S. hold a weekly lottery. The jackpot increases until someone wins it. Some lottery jackpots can get as big as many millions of dollars!
Once I heard about a man who really did “hit the jackpot.” He usually did not play the lottery or gamble with his money.  But one day, he decided to buy a lottery ticket. 
And guess what? He won millions of dollars! He really struck it rich. We can also say he made a killing!
However, hitting the jackpot does not always deal with money. It can also mean to have a great success, usually involving some luck. 
For example, if you get a great job simply by being in the right place at the right time, you can say you have hit the jackpot.
I know a woman who started dating a very good-looking man. He was also very nice and smart. Then she found out that he was also really rich. She likes to say she really hit the jackpot when she met him.
There are some other expressions that have a similar meaning. 
If you “hit it big” or “hit the big time,” you have hit the jackpot.
I feel like I hit the jackpot with my job. The work is interesting, my co-workers are nice, and I get to hear from our readers and listeners from around the world. Jackpot!
And if you are looking for one place to learn English, you have also hit the jackpot with VOA Learning English!
And that’s all the time we have for this Words and Their Stories. Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo.

译文

这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
在这个节目中，我们探索英语中的单词和表达。今天我们要谈论的是幸运或获得巨大成功，或两者兼而有之!
在我们的生活中，有时一切似乎都如我们所愿。我们赢了。换句话说，我们中大奖了。
字面上来说，hit the jackpot的意思是赢了很多钱。头奖是碰运气的游戏中最有价值的奖品。
彩票就是这样一种靠运气的游戏。人们买彩票，但只有少数彩票被偶然选中赢得奖品。
美国的一些州每周举行一次彩票活动。头奖金额会不断增加，直到有人中奖。有些彩票的头奖可能高达数百万美元!
有一次我听说一个人真的“中了头奖”。他通常不会用自己的钱去买彩票或赌博。但是有一天，他决定买一张彩票。
你猜怎么着?他赢了数百万美元!他真的发了财。我们也可以说他赚了一大笔钱!
然而，中头奖并不总是和钱有关。它也可以指获得巨大的成功，通常与运气有关。
例如，如果你只是因为在正确的时间出现在正确的地方而找到了一份好工作，你可以说你已经中了头彩。
我认识一个女人，她开始和一个很帅的男人约会。他也很好，很聪明。然后她发现他也很富有。她喜欢说她遇到他时真的中了头彩。
还有一些其他的表达有类似的意思。
如果你“hit it big”或“hit the big time”，你中头彩了。
我觉得我的工作中了大奖。这份工作很有趣，我的同事都很好，我还能听到来自世界各地的读者和听众的声音。大奖!
如果你正在寻找一个学习英语的地方，你也中了美国之音英语学习的头彩!
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。下次见，我是安娜·马特奥。