
Hobbies and Studies

In a recent report, we asked readers and listeners from around the world to write us about their hobbies and studies.
In this week’s Everyday Grammar, we will share part of a message from Evgeny in Ukraine. 
Evgeny wrote about his school and his favorite hobby: chess. 
You will learn about how Americans describe schools and grades, and how to talk about when you began your hobbies.
Here is part of Evgeny’s message:
“My name is Evgeny … I am studying in the 11th grade of the comprehensive school "Pearl". I am a chess player. 
I have been playing this wonderful game since 9. I have won many city and region tournaments and also took part in a lot of national championships....”
Let’s start with the sentence about Evgeny’s studies:
“I am studying in the 11th grade of the comprehensive school ‘Pearl’”.
We suggest removing the present progressive verb “studying.”
In general, Americans identify grade level in school with only the verb BE. We also use the preposition “at” instead of “of” when identifying a school.
So, you might hear an American student say, “I am in the fourth grade at Park Hill” or “I am in the 10th grade at Western High School.”
Evgeny’s sentence could be changed to something like this:
“I am in the 11th grade at Pearl, a comprehensive school.”
This form of the sentence might be a littler clearer to a speaker of American English:
“I am in the 11th grade.”
The reason we made this point about American English is because Evgeny used the term “comprehensive school,” a kind of school that is generally not familiar to Americans.
According to Merriam-Webster dictionary, a comprehensive school is a British term for “a school for children of all different levels of ability who are over the age of 11.”
Now let’s explore how Evgeny describes his hobby.
“I am a chess player. I have been playing this wonderful game since 9. I have won many city and region tournaments and also took part in a lot of national championships...”
Evgeny did a great job of ordering his statements. He started with the most general information and then gave more details in the following sentences.
We recommend adding a little more information to the second sentence, “I have been playing this wonderful game since 9.”
In general, we use numbers alone to describe times of the day, as in “I woke up at five” or “I’ve been here since eight.”
We generally add the past tense of the verb BE to describe an age.
So, Evgeny’s sentence could be updated to something like this:
“I have been playing this wonderful game since I was 9 years old.”
Or: “I have been playing this wonderful game since I was 9.”
Evgeny described his success in chess:
“I have won many city and region tournaments and also took part in a lot of national championships.”
We suggest using the term “local” instead of “city” and replacing “region” with “regional.” 
We also propose replacing the phrasal verb “took part” with a verb such as “participated” or “competed.”
The updated sentence could be something like this:
“I have won many local and regional tournaments and I have also competed in national championships.”
Toward the end of his message, Evgeny wrote:
“I think chess can help children improve their focus and concentration skills...”
We agree with Evgeny’s statement. We also wish him the best of luck with his English studies and his future chess matches.
If you would like to receive writing suggestions in a future report, send us a short description of your favorite book. Explain why you like the book and what it means to you. 
You can write us in the comments section or email us at learningenglish@voanews.com
I’m John Russell.

爱好和学业

在最近的一份报告中，我们邀请了来自世界各地的读者和听众写信告诉我们他们的爱好和研究。
在本周的《每日语法》节目中，我们将分享来自乌克兰的Evgeny的部分信息。
Evgeny写到了他的学校和他最喜欢的爱好:象棋。
您将了解美国人如何描述学校和年级，以及如何谈论你什么时候开始你的爱好。
以下是Evgeny想传达的部分信息:
“我叫Evgeny…我在综合学校‘Pearl’读十一年级。我是一个棋手。
我从9岁就开始玩这个游戏了。我赢得了很多城市和地区的比赛，也参加了很多全国锦标赛....”
让我们从关于Evgeny的研究开始
“I am studying in the 11th grade of the comprehensive school ‘Pearl’”.
我们建议去掉现在进行时动词“studying”。
一般来说，美国人用BE这个动词来定义学校的年级水平。在确定学校时，我们也使用介词“at”而不是“of”。
所以，你可能会听到一个美国学生说，“I am in the fourth grade at Park Hill”或“I am in the 10th grade at Western High School”。
Evgeny的句子可以改成这样:
“I am in the 11th grade at Pearl, a comprehensive school.”
这个句子的这种形式对说美式英语的人来说可能更清楚一些:
“I am in the 11th grade.”
我们之所以提到美式英语，是因为Evgeny使用了“comprehensive school”这个术语，这是一种美国人通常不熟悉的学校。
根据韦氏词典，“comprehensive school”是一个英国词汇，意思是“为11岁以上不同能力水平的孩子开设的学校”。
现在我们来探讨一下Evgeny是如何描述他的爱好的。
“I am a chess player. I have been playing this wonderful game since 9. I have won many city and region tournaments and also took part in a lot of national championships...”
Evgeny的行文次序做得很好。他从最基本的信息开始，然后在下面的句子中给出了更多的细节。
我们建议在第二句话中添加更多信息，“I have been playing this wonderful game since 9.”
一般来说，我们只用数字来描述一天中的时间，比如“I woke up at five”或“I’ve been here since eight”。
我们通常会加上动词BE的过去式来描述年龄。
所以，Evgeny的句子可以更新成这样:
“I have been playing this wonderful game since I was 9 years old.”
或者:“I have been playing this wonderful game since I was 9.”
Evgeny这样描述他在国际象棋方面的成功:
“I have won many city and region tournaments and also took part in a lot of national championships.”
我们建议用“local”代替“city”，用“regional”代替“region”。
我们还建议将动词短语“took part”替换为“participated”或“competed”等动词。
更新后的句子可能是这样的:
“I have won many local and regional tournaments and I have also competed in national championships.”
在信的最后，Evgeny写道:
“我认为国际象棋可以帮助孩子们提高注意力和专注力……”
我们同意Evgeny的说法。我们也祝愿他在英语学习和未来的象棋比赛中一切顺利。
如果您希望在未来的报告中收到写作建议，请发送给我们您最喜欢的书的简短描述。解释你为什么喜欢这本书，它对你意味着什么。
你可以在评论区留言或发邮件到learningenglish@voanews.com
我是约翰·拉塞尔。