Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from Gustavo in Brazil about using proper adjectives to describe someone.
Hello, my name is Gustavo, from Brazil.
I have been learning English with you for many years. Thank you for all of the stories!
I have a question. I want to say, "my Spanish teacher" meaning "my teacher from Spain". Then I realized that it could also mean "my teacher that teaches Spanish language classes.”
So, which is it? Does it mean both
Thank you very much for reading my message!
Gustavo
Thanks for your question and for reading our website so often.
In English, we have a limited number of adjectives to describe what language someone speaks or teaches, or where they are from. 
However, we can use proper adjectives and prepositions as well as other structures to help our understanding.
Let us start with proper adjectives. 
Proper adjectives come from proper nouns, which are words or groups of words that name a specific person, place or thing. 
Proper nouns and adjectives begin with a capital letter, so they are easy to spot.
Proper adjectives that describe a country of origin or language come from their proper nouns. These adjectives mean “of or relating to the country, its people, language or culture.”
“Spanish” means relating to Spain. So we can talk about “Spanish people” and “Spanish culture.” “Spanish” is also the proper adjective to describe the language of Spain.
Generally, when we talk about teaching or learning a language, we use the proper adjective of the language to describe the teacher or student. For example,
I am an English teacher.
I teach English, but I am not from England; I am from the U.S.
In your question, the proper adjective of “Spanish” is modifying the noun “teacher.” Therefore, a “Spanish teacher” means someone who teaches the Spanish language.
We can use the preposition “from” to describe where our language teachers are originally from.
My Russian teacher is from the country of Georgia.
Her French teacher is from Canada.
Using the preposition “from” makes the sentence clearer by providing more information.
Next week, we will continue talking about proper adjectives and other ways to describe your teacher!
Please let us know if these examples and explanations have helped you, Gustavo!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo.  

译文:
你好!在本周的“问老师”节目中，我们将回答来自巴西的Gustavo关于使用适当的形容词来描述某人的问题。
大家好，我是Gustavo，来自巴西。
我和你一起学英语很多年了。谢谢你所有的故事!
我有一个问题。我想用“my Spanish teacher” 来表示 “我的来自西班牙的老师”。然后我意识到它也可以表示“我的教西班牙语课的老师”。
那么，到底是哪一种呢? 是两者都有吗?
非常感谢您阅读我的信息! Gustavo
谢谢你的问题，也感谢你经常浏览我们的网站。
在英语中，我们只有有限数量的形容词来描述某人说什么语言或教什么语言，或他们来自哪里。
然而，我们可以使用适当的形容词和介词以及其他结构来帮助我们理解。
让我们从适当的形容词开始。
专有形容词来自专有名词，专有名词是指命名特定的人、地点或事物的词或词组。
专有名词和形容词都以大写字母开头，所以它们很容易被发现。
描述原产国或语言的专有形容词来自它们的专有名词。这些形容词的意思是“属于或关于该国、该国人民、该国语言或该国文化的”。
“Spanish”的意思是与西班牙有关。所以我们可以谈论“西班牙人”和“西班牙文化”。“Spanish”也是形容西班牙语言的专有形容词。
一般来说，当我们谈论教或学一门语言时，我们会使用这门语言的专有形容词来描述老师或学生。例如,
我是一名英语老师。
我教英语，但我不是英国人;我来自美国
在你的问题中，专有形容词“Spanish”修饰了名词“老师”。因此，“Spanish teacher”指的是教西班牙语的人。
我们可以用介词“from”来描述我们的语言老师来自哪里。
我的俄语老师来自格鲁吉亚。
她的法语老师来自加拿大。
使用介词“from”可以提供更多的信息，使句子更清楚。
下周，我们将继续谈论适当的形容词和其他描述老师的方式!
请让我们知道这些例子和解释是否帮助了你，Gustavo!
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期节目。我是Faith Pirlo.