Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from Max in Ukraine about the difference between “energy” and “power.”
Dear Learning English,
I'm Max from Ukraine.
I'm improving my English by listening & viewing materials in VOA.
I have a question about the difference in the meaning of two similar words - energy and power.
Thank you,
Max
Dear Max,
Thank you for this interesting question. ~
These words are commonly used interchangeably, meaning they are used in place of each other.
But there are important differences in use under some conditions.
Let’s start with how these two words differ in the study of science.
Energy is the ability to do work or create some kind of physical change.
For example,
Energy is used to lift a box.
The amount of energy to lift the box is the same. But what if you can lift the box faster than someone else? ~
This is where the word “power” comes in.
Power is how fast the work or change is done. In the field of physics, power is often measured in watts.
An energy-saving light bulb will use about 10 to 15 watts of power.
Energy as a noun can describe the ability to do physical activities; it can be the feeling of life and enthusiasm that you use to complete tasks.
If you have low or no energy, you may feel tired or run down.
Energy can be temporary. ~
You may have a lot of energy in the morning, but by the afternoon you may not have any energy.
Coffee gives me energy, but it quickly wears off.
Power as a noun can mean the ability or capacity to do something. ~
It can also mean that it is within your means or you have the resources to do something. ~
This meaning has an association that power is naturally available.
I don’t have the brain power to finish my homework tonight.
To have power means that you have control over something. ~
If you have power, you have the ability and legal right to do something.
To “come into power” or “take power” in a country means that a person or group controls it in some way.
King Charles III took on the powers of the British monarchy after his mother, Queen Elizabeth II died.
We can also use “power” to talk about energy resources like nuclear and electricity.
Nuclear power is environmentally friendly.
Power can also be a verb meaning to provide energy to make something operate.
Batteries power our smart devices like cell phones.
Please let us know if these examples have helped you, Max!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo.

你好!本周的“有问必答”节目中，我们将回答来自乌克兰的Max提出的关于“energy”和“power”的区别的问题。
亲爱的Learning English,
我是Max，来自乌克兰。
我正在通过听和看美国之音的材料来提高我的英语。
我有一个问题，是关于energy和power这两个相似的词在意思上的区别。
谢谢你！
马克斯
亲爱的马克斯,
谢谢你提出这个有趣的问题。～
这两个词通常可以互换使用，意思是它们可以代替彼此使用。
但在某些条件下，使用方法有重要的区别。
让我们从这两个词在科学研究中的区别开始。
能量是做功或产生某种物理变化的能力。
例如,
能量被用来举起一个箱子。
抬起箱子的花费的总能量是不变的。但如果你能比别人更快地提起箱子呢?～
这就是“power”这个词的用武之地。
Power是工作或变化完成的速度。在物理学领域，功率通常用瓦来衡量。
一个节能灯将使用大约10到15瓦的电力。
Energy作为名词可以描述体力活动的能力;它可以是你用来完成任务的生活感觉和热情。
如果你感到乏力或没有精力，你可能会感到疲倦或疲惫。
能量可以是暂时的。～
早上你可能精力充沛，但到了下午你可能就没有任何精力了。
咖啡给了我能量，但很快就会消失。
Power作为名词可以指做某事的能力或能力。～
它也可以指在你的能力范围内或你有资源做某事。～
这个意思与权力是自然可用的联系在一起。
我今晚没有脑力完成作业。
拥有权力意味着你可以控制某事。～
如果你有权力，你就有做某事的能力和合法权利。
“come into power”或“take power”在一个国家的意思是一个人或一个团体以某种方式控制它。
国王查理三世在他的母亲伊丽莎白二世女王去世后继承了英国的君主权力。
我们也可以用“power”来谈论像核能和电力这样的能源。
核能是环保的。
Power也可以是一个动词，意思是提供能量使某物运转。
电池为我们的智能设备供电，比如手机。
请让我们知道这些例子是否对你有帮助，麦克斯!
你对美式英语有什么问题?给我们发邮件到learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期节目内容。我是Faith Pirlo。