In a past report of Everyday Grammar, we talked about how to describe your favorite character from a book you had read. ~
We looked at the children’s book, Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH by Robert C. O’Brien to help us describe my favorite character, Mrs. Frisby.
We considered how O’Brien used adjectives to describe Mrs. Frisby’s physical appearance or how she looks. ~
We thought about how Mrs. Frisby talks with other characters like Jeremy the crow or black bird by questioning him or how she used commands. ~
Finally, we looked at her thoughts and memories.
In today’s Everyday Grammar, we will finish our discussion about Mrs. Frisby, who is a field mouse and a mother. ~
We will look at her actions and the effect she has on other characters.
Another way we can describe our favorite character is by looking at the character’s actions throughout the story. ~
We can look at what the character does and how the character acts.
In one part of the story Mrs. Frisby helps to set Jeremy free from the string in which he is tied up. ~
Here we see that Mrs. Frisby is hard at work, cutting through the string to help Jeremy.
As the characters talk, we realize why Mrs. Frisby is in such a hurry… Jeremy sees Farmer Fitzgibbon’s cat named Dragon.
Mrs. Frisby showed courage through this experience. ~
She was willing to help the crow escape from Dragon without any expectation that he would help her. ~
She was selfless or not thinking about herself or her safety during this time.
The author uses two descriptive verbs to show Mrs. Frisby’s actions, “cut” and “gnawing.”
Mrs. Frisby uses those sharp teeth to cut through the string. ~
“Gnawing” is biting at something repeatedly. ~
Some animals gnaw wood, for example, to sharpen their teeth.
Through these two descriptive verbs we can see Mrs. Frisby’s actions very clearly in our minds. ~
The verbs paint a picture of what she is doing.
The final way that we can describe our favorite character is looking at how other characters think about or act towards them.
Remember Jeremy’s reactions to Mrs. Frisby when she is trying to help him?
“Come down here,” she said. “I’ll get the string off.”
“How?” said the crow dubiously.
“Don’t argue. I have only a few minutes.” She said this in a voice so authoritative that the crow fluttered down immediately.
Here writer O’Brien describes Jeremy’s reaction to Mrs. Frisby. ~
Note the adverbs O’Brien uses.
To be dubious is to be unsure about something, to question an idea, maybe. ~
To flutter is to flap the wings as quickly as possible. The word can suggest some fear or worry as well.
Jeremy’s questioning of Mrs. Frisby’s ability was very brief. ~
She answered with a single command and he obeyed at once.
In this week’s report we finished our discussion about how to describe your favorite character. ~
We considered how the author uses descriptive verbs to describe Mrs. Frisby’s actions. ~
We even considered how other characters, like Jeremy, respond to her. ~
The author uses adverbs to describe Jeremy’s reactions to Mrs. Frisby.
Let’s finish our description of Mrs. Frisby below. ~
The first four sentences are how we described Mrs. Frisby with her physical appearance, her thoughts and words.
Mrs. Frisby is a small, brown field mouse and mother. ~
She uses her sharp teeth when finding food for her children. ~
Although Mrs. Frisby is a curious mouse, she always questions the situation. ~
She uses her mothering skills to help others in need.
For example, Mrs. Frisby saves Jeremy the crow from Dragon, the farmer’s cat, by gnawing through a string. ~
Jeremy is at first unsure about accepting Mrs. Frisby’s help, but her command in the situation is undeniable. ~
Jeremy does as she says and is rescued.
Let’s end this report by finishing our homework assignment. ~
Add to the description of your character. What is the character doing? Or how is the character behaving?
Find descriptive verbs, they show the action of the character.
Next, look at where the other characters interact with your favorite character. ~
How does that other character respond, feel, or behave? ~
How does your favorite character affect other characters? ~
Look for adverbs when finding how the other characters react.
Write these sections down and send them to us at learningenglish@voanews.com.
We will look at a few descriptions and give some feedback in a future report of Every Day Grammar.
I’m Faith Pirlo

在《每日语法》过去的一篇报道中，我们讨论了如何描述你读过的书中最喜欢的角色。～
我们看了 Robert C. O’Brien 的儿童读物 《Mrs. Frisby 和NIMH的老鼠》，以帮助我们描述我最喜欢的角色—— Mrs. Frisby 。
我们考虑了 O’Brien 是如何用形容词来描述 Mrs. Frisby 的外貌的。～
我们思考 Mrs. Frisby 如何通过询问或命令与其他角色交谈的，比如那一只叫 Jeremy 的黑乌鸦，。～
最后，我们观察了她的思想和记忆。
在今天的《每日语法》中，我们将结束关于 Mrs. Frisby 的讨论，她是一只田鼠，也是一位母亲。～
我们将关注她的行为以及她对其他角色的影响。
我们描述最喜欢的角色的另一种方式是通过观察角色在整个故事中的行动。～
我们可以观察角色做了什么以及如何行动。
在故事的一部分， Mrs. Frisby 帮助 Jeremy 从他被绑的绳子中解放出来。～
在这里我们看到 Mrs. Frisby 正在努力工作，剪断绳子来帮助 Jeremy 。
随着角色们的交谈，我们意识到为什么 Mrs. Frisby 如此匆忙…… Jeremy 看到了农夫 Fitzgibbon 的名叫 “龙” 的猫。
 Mrs. Frisby 在这次经历中表现出了勇气。～
她愿意帮助乌鸦逃离龙的魔爪，并不指望他会帮助她。～
在这段时间里，她是无私的，或者说她没有为自己或自身的安全考虑。
作者用了两个描述性动词来描述 Mrs. Frisby 的行为，“割”和“啃”。
 Mrs. Frisby 用锋利的牙齿割断绳子。～
“啃”是反复地咬某物。～
例如，有些动物啃木头是为了磨牙。
通过这两个描述性动词，我们可以清楚地在脑海中看到 Mrs. Frisby 的行为。～
动词描绘了她正在做什么。
我们描述自己最喜欢的角色的最后一种方式是观察其他角色如何看待或对待他们。
还记得当 Mrs. Frisby 试图帮助 Jeremy 时， Jeremy 的反应吗?
“下来，”她说。“我来把绳子解开。”
“你能怎么弄?” 乌鸦怀疑地说。
“别嘚嘚了。我只有几分钟的时间。”她说这话的声音非常权威，乌鸦立刻就飞了下来。
在这里，作家 O’Brien 描述了 Jeremy 对 Mrs. Frisby 的反应。～
注意 O’Brien 使用的副词。
“dubious”是指对某事不确定，可能是质疑一个想法。～
To flutter是指尽可能快地拍打翅膀。这个词也暗示了些许的恐惧或担心。
 Jeremy 对 Mrs. Frisby 能力的质疑非常简短。～
她用一句命令作为回答，而他立刻服从了。
在本周的报道中，我们结束了关于如何描述你最喜欢的角色的讨论。～
我们考虑了作者如何使用描述性动词来描述 Mrs. Frisby 的行为。～
我们甚至考虑了其他角色，比如 Jeremy ，对她的反应。～
作者用副词来描述 Jeremy 对 Mrs. Frisby 的反应。
让我们在下面完成对 Mrs. Frisby 的描述。～
前四句话是我们对 Mrs. Frisby 外貌、思想和言语的描述。
 Mrs. Frisby 是一只棕色的小田鼠妈妈。～
她用锋利的牙齿为孩子们寻找食物。～
虽然 Mrs. Frisby 是一只好奇的老鼠，但她总是对情况提出疑问。～
她用母爱技能帮助有需要的人。
例如， Mrs. Frisby 咬断了一根绳子，从农夫的猫龙手中救出了乌鸦 Jeremy 。～
 Jeremy 一开始不确定是否接受 Mrs. Frisby 的帮助，但她在这种情况下的控制力是不可否认的。～
 Jeremy 按她说的做了，被救了出来。
让我们完成家庭作业来结束这个报告。～
添加到你的角色描述中。角色在做什么?或者角色的行为如何?
找到描述性的动词，它们表现人物的动作。
接下来，看看其他角色与你最喜欢的角色在哪里互动。～
其他角色的反应、感受或行为如何?～
你最喜欢的角色对其他角色有什么影响?～
在寻找其他角色的反应时，要注意副词。
把这些部分写下来，发送到learningenglish@voanews.com。
我们将在以后的《每日语法》报道中读一些来信并给出反馈。
我是 Faith Pirlo。