And now, Words and Their Stories from VOA Learning English.
Rain can be annoying. It can stop you from doing activities outside. So, it is easy to complain about rain.
Of course, rain is important, especially for plants. Although rain might seem annoying, it helps flowers and other plants grow.
There are some periods of the year when it rains more than other times. In some parts of the world, for example, the month of April can be especially rainy.
That brings us to our expression for today: April showers bring May flowers.
This weather expression states that heavy rains help flowers to grow. Here “Showers” mean short periods of light rain.
As a verb, “shower” can mean that large amounts of things fall, are given off, or happen at the same time. For example, you can shower someone with praise. That means you say a lot of nice things about someone.
But now, let’s go back to our expression: “April showers bring May flowers.”
If you hear someone complain about all the rainy weather in the spring, you can remind them that April showers are helpful.
This is a literal meaning of this expression. But it also has a deeper meaning.
“April showers bring May flowers” means that even after long periods of adversity, good times will follow. “Adversity” means difficulty and hardship.
In English, there is another saying that means about the same thing. Sometimes we simply say, “This too shall pass.” This means that difficult situations will not last forever.
Now, let’s listen to two friends using this expression.
"Hey, I haven’t seen you in months! How’s everything going? "
"Well, okay, I guess."
"You don’t sound okay. What’s wrong?"
"The company where I work had to cut back. So, I’ve lost a lot of hours at my job. And both of my parents have been sick. So, I’ve been taking care of them."
"I’m sorry to hear that. Sounds like you’re having a tough time."
"It will pass. I keep telling myself April showers bring May flowers."
"That’s a great attitude! Hey, how about if I make my famous chicken soup for your parents?"
"That would be great. Thanks! See the ‘May flowers’ are starting to bloom."
And that’s all the time we have for this Words and Their Stories. Until next time ... I’m Anna Matteo.



这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
下雨会很烦人。它会阻止你进行户外活动。所以，抱怨下雨很容易。
当然，雨水很重要，尤其是对植物来说。虽然雨可能看起来很烦人，但它有助于花和其他植物的生长。
一年中有几段时间下雨比其他时间多。例如，在世界上的一些地方，4月份可能特别多雨。
这就引出了我们今天的短语:四月的雨带来五月的花。
这个表达天气的短语表示大雨有助于鲜花的生长。在这里“阵雨”是指短时间的小雨。
作为动词，“shower”可以表示大量的东西掉落、释放或同时发生。例如，你可以赞美某人。意思是说你对某人说了很多好话。
但是现在，让我们回到刚才的短语:“四月的雨带来五月的花。”
如果你听到有人抱怨春天总是下雨，你可以提醒他们四月的阵雨是有益的。
这是这个表达的字面意思。但它也有更深的含义。
“四月雨带来五月花”的意思是，即使经过长时间的逆境，美好的时光也会随之而来。“逆境”意味着困难和困苦。
在英语中，还有另一种说法，意思大致相同。有时我们只是简单地说:“一切都会过去的。”这意味着困难的情况不会永远持续下去。
现在，我们来听两个朋友如何使用这个表达。
A:嘿，我好几个月没见你了!一切都好吗?”
B:嗯，好吧，我想。
A:“你听起来不太好。怎么了?”
B:我工作的公司裁员了。所以，我在工作上浪费了很多时间。我的父母都病了。所以，我一直在照顾他们。”
A:听到这个消息我很难过。听起来你过得很艰难。”
B:“会过去的。我一直告诉自己，四月的雨带来五月的花。”
A:好态度!嘿，我给你父母做我拿手的鸡汤怎么样?”
B:那太好了。谢谢!看，‘五月花’开始绽放了。”
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。下次见……我是安娜·马特奥。