Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from Mohamed about "a lot" and "lot."
Please explain the difference between "lot" and "a lot". I'm usually confused when I have to choose among them. Mohamed
Dear Mohamed, Thank you for making a comment on our website!
Firstly, let us look at the noun “lot”. By itself, “lot” can refer to a set or group of things that can be counted. 
Here is an example:
The company shipped 1000 lots of the vaccine yesterday.
We can also use “a lot” as an adverb. Like other adverbs, it affects the verb in a statement. This use of “a lot” can mean “often” or “to a greater degree.” 
Compare these examples:
I go to Indonesian restaurants a lot.
In the above example, “a lot” talks about the number of times I go to Indonesian restaurants.
Their noodles are a lot spicier than other restaurants.
In this example, the noodles have a greater degree of taste compared to noodles elsewhere.
And finally, we have “a lot of” and “lots of.” Both include the preposition “of”, and we use them as quantifiers. 
We use them to refer to a quantity of something without being exact. 
These expressions can be used in the same way and there is no difference in meaning, though “lots of” might be considered by some to be more informal.
Note that in these examples “a lot of” and “lots of” come before noncount nouns. They are referring to the same thing.
In the summer you should drink a lot of water.
Doctors advise us to drink lots of water.
I hope this helps you in using these expressions, Mohamed!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo.

译文

你好!在本周的“问老师”节目中，我们将回答穆罕默德关于“lot”和“a lot”的问题。
请解释“lot”和“a lot”的区别。当我必须在其中做出选择时，我通常会感到困惑。默罕默德
亲爱的穆罕默德，感谢你在我们的网站上发表评论!
首先，让我们看看名词“lot”。就其本身而言，"lot"可以指一组或一组可以计数的东西。(用于可数名词)
下面是一个例子:
这家公司昨天投放了1000剂疫苗。
我们也可以把“a lot”用作副词。像其他副词一样，它影响陈述句中的动词。“a lot”的这种用法可以表示“经常”或“在更大程度上”。
比较这些例子:
我经常去印尼餐馆。
在上面的例子中，“a lot”指的是我去印尼餐馆的次数。
他们的面条比其他餐馆的辣多了。
在这个例子中，面条比其他地方的面条更有味道。
最后看一看 "a lot of" 和 "lots of"。两者都包含介词“of”，我们把它们用作量词。
我们用它们来指代不精确的事物的数量。
这些表达可以以相同的方式使用，在意思上没有区别，不过有些人认为 “lots of” 更口语化。
注意，在这些例子中，“a lot of” 和 “lots of” 出现在不可数名词之前。它们指的是同一个东西。
在夏天你应该喝很多水。
医生建议我们多喝水。
我希望这能帮助你使用这些表达，穆罕默德!
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期节目的内容。我是费斯皮尔洛。