Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we answer a question from Rebecca, an English teacher in China.
I am Rebecca from China. I am also an English teacher for kids. I am confused by the two phrases as follows:
1. I like summer and winter best.
2. I like summer and winter most.
Which one is correct? What’s the difference grammatically? Thanks!
Dear Rebecca, Thank you for writing to us. At first, I thought the statements sounded incorrect. Then, I saw that they may simply be incomplete.
Let us begin with “best.” It is an adverb, a word that describes time, manner, place, or degree. 
Your grammar book will say it is the superlative form of “well.” A superlative adverb shows something is to the greatest degree of a quality. 
Here is an example of “best” as an adverb:
Yao Ming is best known for his work in the NBA.
The problem I saw was that you said two seasons were better than all the others. 
Maybe you enjoy swimming and skiing, sports that are not as easy to do outdoors in spring and fall. You can add a phrase to explain this.
Of the four seasons, I like summer and winter best. That’s because I can swim in summer and ski in winter.
You could also say, For my sports, swimming and skiing, I like summer and winter best.
Now let us look at “most.” It is also a superlative adverb. It means “in or to the greatest degree.” You can add some information to your statement about traveling in China to make it clearer.
I like spring and fall most for visiting Hangzhou.
The short answer to your question, Rebecca, is that there is no grammatical difference between your phrases. But make sure your students understand that “best” and “most” can also be used as superlative adjectives, as in these examples:
The best seasons for visiting Shanghai are spring and fall.
I think the Silk Museum is the most interesting one in Hangzhou.
Note that both of these statements have “the” before the adjective. That is one easy way to tell the difference between superlative adverbs and adjectives.
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Jill Robbins.

译文
你好!在本周的“问老师”节目中，我们回答了一个来自中国的英语老师Rebecca的问题。
我是Rebecca，来自中国。我是一名儿童英语老师。我被下面这两句话弄糊涂了:
1. 我最喜欢夏天和冬天。
2. 我最喜欢夏天和冬天。
哪一个是正确的?语法上有什么不同?谢谢!
亲爱的Rebecca，谢谢你给我们写信。起初，我认为这些陈述听起来不正确。然后，我发现它们可能只是不完整。
让我们从“最好”开始。它是一个副词，一个描述时间、方式、地点或程度的词。
你们的语法书上会说它是well的最高级形式。最高级副词表示某事物的性质达到了最高程度。
下面是“best”作为副词的一个例子:
姚明最出名的是他在NBA的工作。
我看到的问题是你说两个季节比其他所有季节都好。
也许你喜欢游泳和滑雪，这些运动在春天和秋天不太容易在户外进行。你可以加一个短语来解释这一点。
在四个季节中，我最喜欢夏天和冬天。那是因为我可以在夏天游泳，在冬天滑雪。
你也可以说，对于我的运动，游泳和滑雪，我最喜欢夏天和冬天。
现在让我们来看看“most”。它也是副词的最高级。它的意思是“在最大程度上”。你可以在你的声明中加入一些关于在中国旅行的信息，使其更清楚。
我最喜欢春天和秋天来杭州。
简而言之，Rebecca，你的问题的答案是，你的短语之间没有语法上的差异。但是要确保你的学生明白“best”和“most”也可以用作最高级形容词，如下所示:
游览上海的最佳季节是春季和秋季。
我认为丝绸博物馆是杭州最有意思的博物馆。
注意，这两个句子的形容词前都有" the "。这是区分最高级副词和形容词的一种简单方法。
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期节目。我是吉尔·罗宾斯。