And now, Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
On this program, we explore words and expressions in the English language. We give you examples and notes on usage.
Today we go inside a building and talk about a feature of every building – walls.
Walls protect us from the outside world. They can help us stay safe and give us comfort.
But what if we are inside a room too long? Those same walls can start to feel like a prison. ~
We can feel trapped by them. When that happens, we can say the walls are closing in on us.
This means you are feeling confined, or stuck, in an area.
For example, after a year of living with the COVID-19 pandemic, I felt like the walls of my house were closing in on me.~
When that feeling came over me, I knew I needed to go outside for a walk!
When you feel trapped or confined indoors, a walk outside usually helps. Not only are you in the fresh air, but you are also looking at different things. ~
A change of scenery can help when you feel like the walls are closing in.
Sometimes the “walls” in this idiom are not actual walls in a building. ~
Instead, they are walls in our minds or in a certain situation. ~
We can use the expression the walls are closing in when we are sick and tired of something.
For example, if you unable to make advances in your job, you could feel like the walls have closed in on your career. ~
You may feel like you don’t have the chance to advance or try new things.
It can feel like the “walls” are closing in on a relationship too. ~
When people find themselves in very restricted relationships with someone who is trying to control them, it may feel like the walls are closing in on them.
In these cases, a change of scenery is not found outside in the woods. ~
The change of scenery is a new job or a new relationship.
When the walls feel like they are closing in, we can also use another word to describe what we are feeling: claustrophobic.
Claustrophobia is defined as an abnormal fear of being in closed or confined spaces. ~
Sometimes, we use the term “claustrophobic” to mean we feel uneasy by a situation that is limiting or restricting. ~
This feeling of unease could be from physical or non-physical reasons. ~
A job and a relationship can also feel claustrophobic.
Now let’s listen to two people use the words and expressions you heard in this story.
A: Hey, what happened to Chad? I haven’t seen him around DC lately.
B: During the pandemic, he moved out west…somewhere in the desert.
A: The desert? What made him do that!?
B: He said he felt too claustrophobic in the city and was sick and tired of being around so many people. ~
He needed more space and open skies!
A: I can understand that. Sometimes the walls of my apartment feel like they are closing in on me. ~
But moving to the desert is a pretty extreme decision.
B: He’ll be back. He texted me last night complaining that it takes him 30 minutes to drive to the nearest store.
A: Well … he wanted more space. Now he’s got it!
B: Yep.
And that brings us to the end of this Words and Their Stories.
Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo.

这里是美国之音慢速英语"词汇掌故"节目。
在这个节目中，我们将探讨英语中的单词和表达。我们会给出一些用法的例子和注释。
今天我们走进一栋建筑，讨论每一栋建筑都有的一个特征——墙。
墙保护我们不受外界的影响。他们可以帮助我们保持安全，给我们舒适。
但如果我们在房间里待太久怎么办?那些墙会让你感觉像监狱一样。～
我们会觉得被他们困住了。当这种情况发生时，我们可以说墙壁正在逼近(closing in)我们。
这意味着你感觉被困在一个地方。
例如，在与COVID-19大流行生活了一年之后，我感觉我的房子的墙壁正在向我逼近
当那种感觉出现在我身上时，我知道我需要出去走走!
当你感到被困或被限制在室内时，出去走走通常会有所帮助。你不仅能呼吸到新鲜空气，还能看到不同的东西。～
当你感觉墙壁向你逼近时，换个环境会有帮助。
有时候，这个习语中的“walls”并不是建筑物中的实际墙壁。～
相反，它们是我们脑海中的墙或某种情况中的墙。～
当我们对某事感到厌烦时，我们可以用 "the walls are closing in" 这个短语。
例如，如果你无法在工作中取得进步，你可能会觉得你的职业生涯已经被墙壁包围了。～
你可能会觉得自己没有机会进步或尝试新事物。
这感觉也可能像 “walls” 正在逼近一段关系。～
当人们发现自己处在一段非常受约束的关系中, 对方一直试图控制他们时，可能会觉得墙壁正在向他们逼近。
在这些情况下，环境的变化并不是在森林里找到的。～
风景的改变是一份新工作或一段新的关系。
当墙壁感觉它们正在向我们逼近时，我们还可以用另一个词来描述我们的感受:幽闭恐惧症。
幽闭恐惧症被定义为对封闭或密闭空间的异常恐惧。～
有时，我们使用“幽闭恐惧症”这个术语来表示我们对限制或限制的情况感到不安。～
这种不安感可能来自身体或非身体原因。～
工作和恋爱也会让人产生幽闭恐惧症。
现在我们来听两个人如何使用你在这个故事中听到的单词和短语。
A:嘿，Chad怎么了? 我最近没在华盛顿看到他。
B:大流行期间，他搬到了西部……沙漠的某个地方。
A:沙漠?他为什么那么做!?
B:他说他在城市里感到太幽闭恐怖了，周围那么多人让他感到厌烦。～
他需要更多的空间和开阔的天空!
A:我能理解。有时我觉得我公寓的墙壁正在向我逼近。～
但搬到沙漠是一个相当极端的决定。
B:他会回来的。他昨晚给我发短信抱怨说，他开车去最近的商店要花30分钟。
A:嗯，他想要更大的空间。现在他得到了!
B:是的。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。
下次见，我是 Anna Matteo。