And now, Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
On this program, we explore words and expressions in the English language. ~
We give examples and notes on usage.
Some things in life change easily and often. ~
They are fluid. They change and move as fluids do -- easily. ~
When we are planning events or establishing rules and policies, sometimes it is good to keep things fluid or changeable.
But some things are not easily moved or changed. They are fixed or inflexible.
To describe these inflexible things, we can say they are set in stone. ~
Things that are set in stone are very difficult or impossible to change.
We can say that permanent rules, laws, and policies are set in stone. ~
It often takes several difficult actions to change them.
The dates of some events are also set in stone.
For example, weddings take a lot of planning. ~
Some people even start planning for their wedding a year or more ahead of time.
You simply cannot tell friends and family that your wedding will happen sometime in June. ~
You must find a space for the ceremony. ~
You need to invite people and find out how many are coming. ~
You need to decide on food, music, and flowers. ~
And you must have money to pay workers to do different things.
So, setting a wedding date in stone is the best way to make sure the wedding happens smoothly. ~
Setting the date in stone means it cannot change. ~
Or at least, changes would cause problems for people and possibly cost you a lot of money.
We also use this expression with two other verbs: carve and write. ~
So, you can say something is carved in stone or something is written in stone. The meaning stays the same.
On the other hand, if a rule, date, or event could be changed easily, we can say it is penciled in.
If you pencil something in, you are admitting that it is not set in stone. ~
It may change and may be erased. When using this expression, however, you do not need to really use a pencil.
So, when we say something is not carved, set, or written in stone, we mean it can be changed.
For example, many workers were upset by some new office rules. So, the supervisor said, ~
“If they don't work, we can always change them.” In other words, the rules are not carved in stone.
Before we end the program, here is one more example for set in stone. ~
The editor used it when he sent back my edited story. ~
He gave some changes but added, “These are just suggestions. They are not set in stone.”
It's good to have an editor with a sense of humor!
And that’s the end of this Words and Their Stories. Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo.


这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
在这个节目中，我们将探讨英语中的单词和表达。～
并给出了用法的例子和注意事项。
生活中有些事情很容易经常改变。～
它们是流动的。它们像液体一样容易变化和移动。～
当我们计划活动或建立规则和政策时，有时保持事情的流动性或可更改性是很好的。
但是有些东西是不容易改变的。它们是固定的或不灵活的。
要描述这些不可改变的东西，我们可以说它们是 set in stone (一成不变/铁板钉钉)。～
一成不变的事情是很难或不可能改变的。
我们可以说永久的规则、法律和政策是铁板钉钉的。～
通常需要采取一些困难的行动来改变它们。
有些活动的日期也是固定不变的。
例如，婚礼需要大量的计划。～
有些人甚至提前一年或更长时间开始筹备婚礼。
你不能简单地告诉朋友和家人你的婚礼将在六月举行。～
你必须找个地方举行仪式。～
你需要邀请一些人，看看有多少人会来。～
你需要决定食物、音乐和鲜花。～
你必须有钱支付工人做不同的事情。
所以，确定结婚日期是确保婚礼顺利进行的最好方法。～
将日期固定下来意味着它不能改变。～
或者至少，改变会给人们带来问题，可能会花费你很多钱。
我们还将这个短语与另外两个动词一起使用:carve和write。～
所以，你可以说某事被刻在石头上或某事被写在石头上。意思保持不变。
另一方面，如果一个规则、日期或事件可以很容易地改变，我们就可以说它是铅笔写的。
如果你把某件事用铅笔写下来，你就是在承认它不是一成不变的。～
它可能会改变，也可能会被删除。然而，当你使用这个表达时，你不需要真的使用铅笔。
所以，当我们说某件事不是刻在石头上的，我们的意思是它是可以改变的。
例如，许多员工对一些新的办公室规定感到不安。于是，主管说，~
“如果它们不起作用，我们随时可以更换。”换句话说，规则不是刻在石头上的。
在我们结束节目之前，这里还有一个固定不变的例子。～
编辑把我编辑过的文章退回来的时候用的。～
他做了一些修改，但补充说:“这些只是建议。它们并不是一成不变的。”
有一个有幽默感的编辑真好!
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。下次见，我是Anna Matteo。