This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question about the words “reduce” and “decrease.”
Dear Teacher,
Would you please explain to me when to use “decrease” and “reduce?”
Thanks for giving us such valuable points.
Kind regards,
Mahmoud in Saudi Arabia
Hello Mahmoud! Thank you for writing to us!
The words “decrease” and “reduce” are often thought of as having the same meaning. ~
However, there are some differences, especially in the uses of “reduce.”
Let’s look at each word more closely!
“Decrease” is a verb that can take a direct object, meaning it is transitive. ~
It can also be intransitive which means that it does not take a direct object.
“Decrease” means to grow less in amount, size or strength over time, or to cause to be less.
Online shopping and big stores like Target have helped to decrease shopping malls in the US from 2,500 in the 1980s to around 700 malls now.
Voter turnout numbers decreased during the midterm election in some states like West Virginia and Virginia.
Decrease can also be a noun. It is the process of growing less over time. It is a countable noun. For example:
There has been a decrease in newspaper reading over many years, possibly because of the internet.
Now let’s move on to “reduce.”
“Reduce” is a verb and has many more meanings. ~
It is most often used as a transitive verb that takes a direct object, but sometimes, we can use it without a direct object.
The general meaning is to make something smaller. This meaning is most closely related to “decrease.”
Electric cars could reduce our need for gasoline-powered cars.
Reduce can also mean to bring together into one and to narrow down.
Every year, I reduce my clothes by going through my closet and giving away some pieces.
We can also reduce a liquid by boiling it. This makes the taste stronger and there is less liquid.
If you bring sugar to a boil and then reduce it, you are left with a thick caramel sauce.
Reduce can also mean to bring to a certain state or condition, usually a negative one. ~
We can use “reduce” with the preposition “to” to create a phrasal verb.
The concert reduced her to tears.
This sentence is in the active voice. This means that the concert moved the woman emotionally to such an extent that she cried.
We can also use the passive voice to mean that someone is reduced to a state or condition.
She was reduced to uncontrollable laughter after seeing the funny movie.
The forest was reduced to ashes by the wildfire.
Please let us know if these explanations and examples have helped you!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo.


本周的“有问必答”节目中，我们将回答一个关于“reduce” 和 “decrease” 的问题。
亲爱的老师,
你能为我解释一下什么时候用 "decrease"和" reduce "吗?
感谢您给我们这么有价值的知识点。
亲切的问候,
Mahmoud 沙特阿拉伯
你好 Mahmoud ! 感谢您的来信!
“decrease” and “reduce” 这两个词通常被认为具有相同的含义。～
然而，两者之间有一些区别，特别是在reduce的用法上。
让我们仔细看看每个单词!
“Decrease”是一个动词，可以接直接宾语，这意味着它是及物动词。～
它也可以是不及物动词，也就是说它不带直接宾语。
“Decrease”的意思是随着时间的推移，在数量、大小或强度上的增速便慢，或导致存量更少。(注:可以理解为数值的下降.)
网上购物和塔吉特(Target)这样的大型商店帮助美国的购物中心从20世纪80年代的2500家减少到现在的700家左右。
在西弗吉尼亚州和弗吉尼亚州等一些州的中期选举期间，选民投票率有所下降。
"Decrease" 也可以作名词。它是一个随着时间增长越来越少的过程。它是一个可数名词。例如:
多年来，看报纸的人越来越少，这可能是因为互联网。
现在让我们继续讨论“reduce”。
“Reduce”是一个动词，有多种含义。～
它通常用作带直接宾语的及物动词，但有时我们也可以不带直接宾语。
它的一般意思是使某物变小。这个意思与“decrease”最密切相关。
电动汽车可以减少我们对汽油动力汽车的需求。
Reduce也可以指 "合并成一个" 或 "缩小"。
每年，我都通过检查我的衣橱和送出一些衣服来减少我的衣服。
我们也可以把液体煮少。这使味道更浓，液体更少。
如果你把糖煮沸，然后减少它，你就会得到浓稠的焦糖酱。Hello 
Reduce也可以指达到某种状态或条件，通常是消极的。～
我们可以用“reduce”与介词“to”连用来创建动词短语。
音乐会使她热泪盈眶。
这个句子是主动语态。这句话的意思是，音乐会在情感上打动了这个女人，以至于她哭了。
我们也可以用被动语态来表示某人处于某种状态或状况。
看了那部滑稽电影后，她忍不住笑了起来。
森林被野火烧成了灰烬。
请让我们知道这些解释和例子是否对你有帮助!
你对美式英语有什么问题?给我们发邮件到learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期的“有问必答”。我是 Faith Pirlo。