The simple, three-letter word “but” might not sound or look special, interesting or beautiful.
But this little word can be a powerful force in writing and in speaking. It can play an important part in creating colorful, interesting sentences.
In this Everyday Grammar, we will explore how a simple connecting word makes for good storytelling.
The word “but” has many uses. It can act as a coordinating conjunction, preposition, adverb, and sometimes even a noun – as in the expression ‘No ifs ands or buts about it!’
For today’s report, let’s explore the part “but” plays as a coordinating conjunction. 
A conjunction joins two things together.
When acting as a coordinating conjunction, “but” is used to add information to an earlier statement that usually contrasts with it in some way.
We often use “but” to connect two clauses, or groups of words that have a subject and a predicate. 
Consider these lines from “The Diamond as Big as the Ritz,” by F Scott Fitzgerald.
"John strained his eyes to see whether there might be men coming down the mountain, but the mountain was bare of human life."
The first clause starts with “John strained his eyes” and the second clause starts with “but the mountain.”
The first part of the sentence suggests an effort – straining of the eyes. 
The second part of the sentence suggests that the effort was to no use – John did not see anyone.
Consider how the sentence might have been different if “but” were not used. It might be something like this:
“John strained his eyes to see whether there might be men coming down the mountain, and he didn’t see anyone.”
This sentence is much less interesting. Let’s explore why.
In the book Storyworthy, the American storyteller Matthew Dicks described a few words that can bring a story to life. One of these words is “but.”
Dicks says “but” has an interesting effect on the reader or listener. 
The words that come before “but” create an expectation. What comes after “but” goes against the expectation. This creates interest between statements and ideas.
Other common conjunctions, such as “and,” do not have the same effect, Dicks believes. 
Speaking or writing that uses “and” too much becomes more like a list – and lists are not very interesting.
Now, it’s your turn to do an exercise. 
Take these two statements and connect them using “but.” You can pause the audio after the second statement if you need more time before hearing the answer.
She said she had lost their address long ago.
A few days later it miraculously turned up.
Here is one way to connect the two statements. It comes from the short story, "That in Aleppo Once..." by Vladimir Nabokov:
"She said she had lost their address long ago, but a few days later it miraculously turned up..."
This report is not only about telling stories. It is also about exploring connections between ideas. Such connections are important for expressing more complex language in writing and in speaking.
Remember, like any word or structure, it is good to use “but” in the correct amount. 
It is like cooking. You need the right amounts of the right ingredients to get a nice finished product. If you add too much of any one thing, the result might not be very good.
The next time you read stories or listen to English speakers, pay careful attention to how they use “but.” It’s a small, simple word, but it can bring variety and richness to your language.
I’m John Russell.

译文

简单的三个字母的单词 “but” 可能听起来或看起来都不特别、有趣或美丽。
但这个小小的单词却能在写作和口语中成为一股强大的力量。它在创造丰富多彩的、有趣的句子中起着重要的作用。
在这期《每日语法》节目中，我们将探讨一个简单的连接词是如何使故事讲得更好的。
“but”这个词有很多用法。它可以用作并列连词、介词、副词，有时甚至用作名词——比如在表达“No ifs and or buts about It !””
在今天的报告中，我们来探讨“but”作为一个并列连词的作用。
连词将两个事物连接在一起。
当作为一个并列连词时，“but”用于在前面的语句中添加信息，通常在某些方面与之形成对比。
我们经常用“but”来连接两个子句，或者一组有主语和谓语的单词。
想想F·斯科特·菲茨杰拉德(F Scott Fitzgerald)在《大如丽兹的钻石》(The Diamond as The Ritz)中的这几句话。
"约翰睁大眼睛看是否有人从山上下来，但山上没有人。"
第一个从句以“John strain his eyes”开始，第二个从句以“but The mountain”开始。
句子的第一部分暗示着努力——眼睛的紧张。
句子的第二部分暗示了努力是没有用的——约翰没有看到任何人。
想想如果没有使用“但是”，这个句子会有什么不同。它可能是这样的:
“约翰睁大眼睛看是否有人从山上下来，没有看到任何人。”
这个句子就没那么有趣了。让我们探索原因。
在《故事价值》(Storyworthy)一书中，美国故事讲述者马修·迪克斯(Matthew Dicks)描述了几个能让故事变得生动的单词。其中一个单词是“但是”。
迪克斯说“但是”对读者或听众有一种有趣的影响。
出现在“但是”之前的词语创造了一种期待。“但是”后面的是与预期相反的。这创造了陈述和想法之间的兴趣。
迪克斯认为，其他常见的连词，如“and”，则没有同样的效果。
口语或写作中过多地使用“and”会变得更像一个列表——而列表并不是很有趣。
现在，轮到你做练习了。
把这两个句子用“但是”连接起来。如果你需要更多的时间才能听到答案，你可以在第二个语句之后暂停音频。
她说她很久以前就把他们的地址丢了。
几天后，它奇迹般地出现了。
下面是连接这两个语句的一种方法。它来自弗拉基米尔·纳博科夫的短篇小说《那在阿勒颇曾经……》:
“她说她很久以前就把他们的地址弄丢了，但几天后，地址奇迹般地出现了……”
这份报告不仅仅是讲故事。它也是关于探索想法之间的联系。这样的联系对于写作和口语中表达更复杂的语言很重要。
记住，像任何单词或结构一样，正确使用“但是”是很好的。(意译: 记住, 像其他单词或结构一样, 只有恰当使用"但是"才能达到好的效果)
这就像烹饪一样。你需要适量的合适的原料来做出漂亮的成品。如果你添加太多的东西，结果可能不是很好。
下次当你读故事或听英语人士说话时，要注意他们如何使用“但是”。这是一个小而简单的词，但它可以给你的语言带来多样性和丰富性。
我是约翰·拉塞尔。