NASA Releases Webb Space Telescope’s First Images 
The American space agency NASA has released the first images observed by its powerful James Webb Space Telescope.
NASA describes the Webb as “the largest and most powerful space science telescope ever built.” 
The telescope is a joint partnership between NASA, the European Space Agency (ESA) and the Canadian Space Agency.
The orbiting observatory aims to build on the work of earlier telescopes, such as the Hubble and Spitzer. Both of those telescopes led to many discoveries and captured detailed and colorful images. 
But the Webb is designed to gather more in-depth data and explore parts of space never observed before.
NASA released five new images this week. The first was shown Monday during a White House event attended by President Joe Biden.
The new images showed parts of the universe observed by other telescopes in the past. 
But NASA officials said the Webb’s power, distant position, and ability to observe infrared light brought more depth and detail to the images than ever before.
NASA praised the work of the Webb development team and said the telescope had begun “a new era in astronomy.”
NASA Administrator Bill Nelson said the images demonstrated how the telescope will help “uncover the answers to questions we don’t even yet know to ask.” 
The head of the European Space Agency, Josef Aschbacher, said the new telescope had “really changed the understanding of our universe.”
The Webb is a large infrared telescope, with a 6.5-meter mirror. 
Infrared waves are electromagnetic energy that cannot be seen with the human eye. 
The waves exist at a wavelength that is good for observing distant objects through gas and dust. 
The infrared system can also pick up light from more distant parts of the universe.
The telescope’s large mirror and scientific instruments are protected by a thick cover. When fully open, the cover is about the size of a tennis court.
NASA officials say astronomers will use the telescope to further study the formation and development of stars, galaxies and exoplanets.
The $10 billion telescope was launched in December after years of delays and cost overruns. 
It took about a month to reach its orbiting position about 1.6 million kilometers away from Earth. 
In the months since then, NASA has been fully deploying and testing the telescope.
The first images were chosen by NASA to demonstrate the telescope's abilities and provide a look ahead to possible new science discoveries.
The image shown during an event at the White House was a "deep field" image of a distant galaxy cluster called SMACS 0723. 
NASA said the image provided the most detailed look yet at the early universe.
Among the other four images were two that showed huge clouds of gas and dust – called nebulas. 
The Carina Nebula is an area where stars are forming, and the Southern Ring Nebula surrounds a dying star. Each is thousands of light years away.
The collection also included new images of another galaxy cluster known as Stephan's Quintet, which was first discovered in 1877. 
The cluster includes several galaxies that NASA describes as "locked in a cosmic dance of repeated close encounters."
Another image showed a detailed examination of data on a large planet outside our solar system called WASP-96b. 
The telescope used its infrared equipment to look at the chemical makeup of the planet’s atmosphere. 
NASA said it discovered the presence of water vapor in the atmosphere of an exoplanet for the first time.
I’m Bryan Lynn.

NASA公布韦伯太空望远镜的首批图像
美国航天局NASA公布了其强大的詹姆斯·韦伯太空望远镜观测到的首批图像。
美国宇航局将韦伯望远镜描述为“有史以来最大、最强大的太空科学望远镜”。
该望远镜是美国国家航空航天局(NASA)、欧洲航天局(ESA)和加拿大航天局的合作项目。
这个轨道天文台的目标是建立在哈勃和斯皮策等早期望远镜的工作基础上。这两架望远镜都带来了许多发现，并捕捉到了详细而多彩的图像。
但韦伯号的设计目的是收集更深入的数据，探索以前从未观测到的太空部分。
美国宇航局本周发布了五张新图片。第一张图片是星期一在白宫举行的活动上展示的，拜登总统出席了这次活动。
这些新图像展示了过去其他望远镜观测到的部分宇宙。
但美国国家航空航天局官员表示，韦伯望远镜的威力、遥远的位置以及观察红外光的能力，使图像比以往任何时候都更有深度和细节。
美国国家航空航天局赞扬了韦伯研发团队的工作，并表示该望远镜开启了“天文学的新时代”。
美国国家航空航天局局长比尔·纳尔逊表示，这些图像展示了望远镜将如何帮助“揭开我们甚至还不知道要问的问题的答案”。
欧洲航天局(European Space Agency)局长约瑟夫·阿什巴赫(Josef Aschbacher)表示，这台新望远镜“确实改变了人们对宇宙的认识”。
韦伯望远镜是一个大型红外望远镜，镜长6.5米。
红外线是一种人眼看不见的电磁能量。
这种波的波长适合通过气体和尘埃观测遥远的物体。
红外系统还可以接收来自宇宙中更遥远地方的光。
望远镜的大反射镜和科学仪器被厚厚的保护层保护着。当完全打开时，保护层大约有一个网球场那么大。
美国宇航局官员说，天文学家将利用这台望远镜进一步研究恒星、星系和系外行星的形成和发展。
这台耗资100亿美元的望远镜在经过数年的延迟和成本超支后于去年12月发射。
它花了大约一个月的时间才到达距离地球160万公里的轨道位置。
在那之后的几个月里，美国宇航局一直在全面部署和测试这台望远镜。
美国国家航空航天局选择了首批图像，以展示该望远镜的能力，并为可能的新科学发现提供展望。
在白宫的一次活动中展示的图像是一个名为SMACS 0723的遥远星系团的“深场”图像。
美国国家航空航天局表示，这张照片提供了迄今为止关于早期宇宙最详细的信息。
在其他四幅图像中，有两幅显示了巨大的气体和尘埃云——被称为星云。
船底星云是恒星形成的区域，而南环星云围绕着一颗垂死的恒星。每一个都有几千光年远。
这一系列图像中还包括另一个星系团的新图像，该星系团被称为斯蒂芬五重奏，首次发现于1877年。
星系团包括几个星系，NASA称这些星系“被困在不断近距离接触的宇宙之舞中”。
另一张图片显示了对太阳系外一颗名为WASP-96b的大行星的详细数据分析。
该望远镜使用其红外设备来观察这颗行星大气层的化学组成。
美国宇航局表示，他们首次在一颗系外行星的大气层中发现了水蒸气的存在。
我是布莱恩·林恩。
