And now, Words and Their Stories from VOA Learning English.
English language dictionary publishers traditionally announce their words of the year as the year is coming to a close.~
Sometimes, they choose words based on how many times people look them up. ~
Others select words that have been in the news a lot.
This week, American dictionary publisher Merriam-Webster announced that it selected “gaslighting” as its word of the year for 2022.
Merriam-Webster defines gaslighting as “the act or practice of grossly misleading someone, especially for one’s own advantage."
In 2022, lookups for gaslighting on merriam-webster.com increased 1,740 percent over the year before. ~
Peter Sokolowski is Merriam-Webster’s editor at large. ~
He told the Associated Press, “It’s a word that has risen so quickly in the English language, and especially in the last four years, that it actually came as a surprise to me and to many of us."
Merriam-Webster said English has many ways to say “lies,” including falsehood, untruth, and disinformation. ~
But in this age of misinformation with fake news, deepfakes and artificial intelligence, the word “gaslighting has emerged as a word for our time.”
Other lookups on Merriam-Webster included oligarch, following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, ~
Omicron, a fast-spreading version of the COVID-19 virus, ~
and Queen Consort, as the wife of Britain’s King Charles, Camilla, is now known.
Now, if a British English dictionary publisher says it has chosen an American English word as its word of the year, you would likely say someone is gaslighting you.
But that is exactly what happened.
In November, Cambridge Dictionary announced that its word of the year for 2022 is… homer. ~
Cambridge says homer, short for homerun, “is a point scored in baseball when you hit the ball, usually out of the playing field,  and are able to run around all the bases at one time to the starting base.”
Why homer, you ask?
Cambridge said there were 65,000 searches for the word homer in a single day. It was May 5. ~
That was the day when homer was the winning word on the popular online game Wordle.
The British publisher said many Wordle players outside of the United States had not heard this word before. ~
Some expressed their frustration on social media, but many more turned to Cambridge to find its meaning.
The popularity of Wordle also brought searches for other five-letter words, including caulk, tacit, humor, and bayou.
So, now you know that we are not gaslighting you!
Another publisher, Collins, said 2022 seems to be a year of permanent crisis with the pandemic, the war in Ukraine, and the worldwide economic downturn.
So, Collins selected permacrisis as the word of the year for 2022. ~
The dictionary defines the word as “an extended period of instability and insecurity.”
Collins said the year also gave us terms like quiet quitting, which involves doing no more work than necessary, ~
and sportswashing, which people are accusing Qatar and Saudi Arabia are doing with the World Cup and LIV golf.
The editors of the Oxford dictionary said 2022 has been a year defined by re-opening after the pandemic. ~
“However, although we have finally been able to physically reunite and come together again, our world somehow feels more divided than ever.”
Oxford said the use of metaverse increased four times in October as people are debating the future of online activities. ~
The word describes a new level of online experiences for socializing, learning, and playing.
From the war in Ukraine to the legal action between actors Johnny Depp and Amber Heard, people used #IStandWith on social media to express their support. ~
And goblin mode is the idea of rejecting societal expectations in favor of doing whatever one wants to.
So, Oxford decided to leave the selection of word of the year to you.
Until Friday, December 2, you can vote for your favorite word as Oxford’s word of the year 2022. ~
The choices include metaverse, #IStandwith, and goblin mode.
I’m Anna Matteo.

现在是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
英语词典出版商通常会在一年即将结束时公布他们的年度词汇
有时，他们会根据人们查询单词的次数来选择单词。～
还有的出版社选择经常出现在新闻中的词汇。
本周，美国词典出版商韦氏词典宣布，将“gaslighting”选为2022年的年度词汇。
《韦氏词典》将gaslighting定义为“严重误导他人的行为或做法，尤其是为了自己的利益。”
2022年，“gaslighting”一词在merriam-webster.com上的查询量比前一年增加了1740%。～
Peter Sokolowski 是《韦氏词典》的特约编辑。～
他在接受美联社采访时表示:“这个词在英语中崛起得如此之快，尤其是在过去的四年里，这让我和我们中的许多人都感到惊讶。”
韦氏词典表示，英语中有很多表达“lies”的方式，包括false、untruth和disinformation。～
但在这个充斥着假新闻、深度造假和人工智能的错误信息的时代，“gaslighting”这个词已经成为我们这个时代的一个词。
韦氏词典上的其他查询词还包括“寡头”，继俄罗斯入侵乌克兰之后的~
Omicron，一种快速传播的COVID-19病毒，~
作为英国国王查尔斯的妻子卡米拉，Queen Consort(王后)现在已经为人所知。
现在，如果英国英语词典出版商说他们选择了一个美式英语单词作为年度词汇，你可能会说有人在陷害你。
但事实就是这样。
11月，《剑桥词典》宣布，2022年的年度词汇是“荷马”(homer)。～
坎布里奇说，homerun 是本垒打(homerun)的缩写，“是在棒球比赛中，当你把球击出球场，并能够一次绕着所有垒跑到起始垒时得到的一分。”
你会问，为什么是荷马?
剑桥大学表示，“homer”一词在一天内的搜索量为6.5万次。那天是5月5日。～
那一天, “homer” 是流行的网络游戏“Wordle”中的胜利者。
这家英国出版商表示，美国以外的许多Wordle玩家之前都没有听说过这个词。～
一些人在社交媒体上表达了他们的沮丧，但更多人转向剑桥(这里指的是字典)来寻找它的意义。
Wordle的流行也带动了对其他五个字母单词的搜索，包括caulk, tacit, humor, and bayou.
所以，现在你知道我们不是在诓你!
另一家出版社柯林斯表示，2022年似乎是危机不断的一年，疫情、乌克兰战争和全球经济低迷。
因此，柯林斯将permacrisis选为2022年的年度词汇。～
字典将这个词定义为“长期的不稳定和不安全时期”。
柯林斯说，这一年还出现了“躺平”(quiet quitting)，指的是只做必要的工作，~
以及人们指责卡塔尔和沙特阿拉伯在世界杯和丽芙高尔夫比赛中所做的体育洗白。
牛津词典的编辑们表示，2022年是疫情后重新开放的一年。～
“然而，尽管我们终于能够在身体上团聚并再次走到一起，但我们的世界却感觉比以往任何时候都更加分裂。”
牛津大学表示，由于人们在讨论网络活动的未来，10月份“元宇宙”(metaverse)的使用量增加了4倍。～
这个词描述了社交、学习和游戏的在线体验的新水平。
从乌克兰战争到演员Johnny Depp和Amber Heard之间的法律诉讼，人们在社交媒体上使用#IStandWith来表达他们的支持。～
“妖精模式”(goblin mode)指的是拒绝社会期望，做自己想做的事。
所以，牛津决定把年度词汇的评选工作交给你。
截止到12月2日(周五)，你可以投票选出你最喜欢的单词作为2022年牛津年度词汇。～
选择包括元宇宙，#IStandwith和妖精模式。
我是 Anna Matteo。