And now, Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
On this program, we explore words and expressions in the English language. We give examples, notes on usage, and sometimes we use them in short stories.
Today we talk about a popular dessert -- cake.
Cakes are made by baking a mixture of flour, sugar, eggs, and butter. ~
They come in just about any flavor you can imagine – ~
from chocolate, vanilla, and lemon to unusual flavors like cherry, coconut, and pumpkin. And do not forget about the icing. ~
This sweet topping also comes in just about any flavor imaginable.
We often eat cakes to celebrate birthdays, weddings, and other important events. ~
All this talk about cake has brought my attention to a common expression: to have your cake and eat it too.
This expression, or idiom, can be used to describe a couple different situations.
One is where two good things happen at the same time. ~
For example, a friend of mine loves to read so she got a job at a library. ~
Now, she reads all day long and gets paid! Talk about having your cake and eating it too!
We also use the idiom to describe a situation in which two good things happen at the same time, but they don't usually exist together in the same situation.
Here’s an example: ~
My friend just had a baby. She has a good job that pays well. ~
And now she spends more time with her new baby by working from home. We can say that she is having her cake and eating it too!
In both of these examples, we could also use this expression: to have the best of both worlds.
Now, here is another form of our cake idiom. We also commonly use it in the negative form: You can’t have your cake and eat it too.
In the negative, it means you cannot have or do two things at the same time that are impossible to have or do at the same time. ~
You must decide which one you want because you can't have both. In other words, you cannot have two conflicting things.
For example, let’s say your friend is complaining about the amount of taxes he pays. ~
But at the same time, he complains about the lack of services the city provides. ~
You could say to him, “Look, you can’t have your cake and eat it too. Better services cost money.”
You could also say, you can't have the best of both worlds. Another similar expression is: you can't have it both ways.
You can’t have your cake and eat it too also means we should not try to have more than is reasonable. ~
In other words, you can't possess the cake and eat it at the same time. Once the cake is eaten, it is gone.
And that’s the end of this Words and Their Stories.
If you want to get caught up on world events and practice your English, you can come to VOA Learning English. ~
Here, you have the best of both worlds. You can have your cake and eat it too!
Until next time. I’m Anna Matteo.

现在是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
在这个节目中，我们探索英语中的单词和表达。我们会举例并说明用法，有时还会在短篇故事中用它们。
今天我们来谈谈一种很受欢迎的甜点——蛋糕。
蛋糕是用面粉、糖、鸡蛋和黄油的混合物烘焙而成的。～
它们几乎有你能想到的任何味道- ~
从巧克力、香草和柠檬到樱桃、椰子和南瓜等不同寻常的口味。别忘了还有糖霜。～
这种甜的配料也有任何你能想到的口味。
我们经常吃蛋糕来庆祝生日、婚礼和其他重要事件。～
所有这些关于蛋糕的讨论让我注意到一个常见的表达:鱼与熊掌兼得。
这个表达或习语可以用来描述几种不同的情况。
一种是两件好事同时发生。～
例如，我的一个朋友喜欢阅读，所以她在图书馆找到了一份工作。～
现在，她整天看书，还拿工资!真是鱼与熊掌兼得啊!
我们也用这个成语来形容两件好事同时发生，但它们通常不会同时存在于同一情况下。
下面是一个例子:~
我朋友刚生了孩子。她有一份薪水不错的好工作。～
现在她在家工作，有更多的时间陪伴刚出生的孩子。我们可以说她鱼与熊掌兼得!
在这两个例子中，我们也可以使用这个表达:to have the best of both worlds。
下面是蛋糕习语的另一种形式。我们通常也用否定形式:你不能同时拥有你的蛋糕和吃它。
消极的意思是，你不能同时拥有或做两件不可能同时拥有或做的事情。～
你必须决定你想要哪一个，因为你不能两者兼得。换句话说，你不能有两个相互冲突的东西。
例如，假设你的朋友抱怨他交的税太多。～
但与此同时，他也抱怨这座城市缺乏服务。～
你可以对他说:“瞧，鱼和熊掌不可兼得。更好的服务需要花钱。”
你也可以说，你不能两全其美。另一个类似的表达是:you can't have it both ways。
You can’t have your cake and eat it too意思是我们不应该拥有超出合理范围的东西。～
换句话说，你不能同时拥有蛋糕和吃掉它。蛋糕一旦被吃掉，它就消失了。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。
如果你想了解世界大事并练习英语，你可以来到美国之音慢速英语。～
在这里，你可以两全其美。你可以鱼与熊掌兼得!
回头见。我是 Anna Matteo。