And now, Words and Their Stories from VOA Learning English.
On this program, we explore words and expressions in the English language. Today we talk about the ocean.
Oceans are amazingly large, deep bodies of water. When talking about some of the deepest parts of the world’s oceans, much is still not known. 
With something so big and full of wonder, it is not surprising that English has several expressions that use the word “ocean.”
For starters, we can simply say “oceans of” something to mean “a lot” something. 
For example, Timothy will have oceans of problems if he does not find a job soon. He is racking up oceans of debt.
Naturally, it is very common to use the word “ocean” in expressions that describe very large, seemingly limitless, things. 
For example, my love of my reading is as big as the ocean! I really love to read.
You can also say “as deep as the ocean” to describe something very vast and intense. 
For example, if you love someone deeply, you can say your love for them is as deep as the ocean. It seems as if it has no end.
Saying that something is as deep, big, or wide as the ocean is a simile. A simile compares things using “like” or “as.”
An ocean can also help describe something that is very far away from something else. 
The expression “to be oceans apart” can be used for more than just physical distance. 
If you are oceans apart from something, you are far from reaching a point of agreement or having common ground.
Consider these examples:
During an important business deal, the two parties found that they were oceans apart. It was impossible to make a deal that was good for both sides.
Even though their political and religious views were oceans apart, the two people shared a love of music and became close friends.
Finally, the ocean is so big that it would not make a difference if you added a drop of water to it. 
So, if I say something is just a drop in the ocean, it is a small amount compared to the amount that is needed. 
For example, some might say investing $1 million dollars in a country’s educational system is just a drop in the ocean. Millions more dollars will be needed to make real change.
And that’s all the time we have for this Words and Their Stories. Until next time ... I’m Anna Matteo.    


译文

现在是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
在这个节目中，我们探索英语中的单词和短语。今天我们来谈谈海洋。
海洋是巨大而深的水体。当谈到世界海洋的一些最深处时，很多东西仍然是未知的。
海洋如此巨大，充满奇迹，英语中有几个短语都使用“海洋”这个词也就不足为奇了。
首先，我们可以简单地说“oceans of”来表示“许多”。
例如，如果蒂莫西不能很快找到工作，他将面临大量的问题。他债台高筑。
自然，“海洋”这个词在描述非常大，似乎无限的东西时是很常见的。
比如，我对读书的热爱就像海洋一样大!我真的很喜欢阅读。
你也可以说“as deep as the ocean”来形容某事非常巨大和强烈。
例如，如果你深爱一个人，你可以说你对他的爱深如大海。它似乎没有尽头。
说某物像海洋一样深、大、宽是一个比喻。明喻用“like”或“as”来比较事物。
海洋也可以用来描述某物离另一物很远。
“to be oceans apart”这个表达并不仅仅用来表示物理距离。
如果你 “oceans apart from something”，意思是你距离达成一致或有共同点还很远。
考虑这些例子:
在一次重要的商业交易中，双方发现彼此相去甚远。要达成对双方都有利的协议是不可能的。
尽管他们的政治和宗教观点相去甚远，但两人都热爱音乐，并成为了亲密的朋友。
最后，海洋是如此之大，即使你加一滴水进去，也不会有什么不同。
所以，如果我说某件事只是沧海一粟，意思是与所需数量相比，它只是一小部分。
例如，有人可能会说，在一个国家的教育系统上投资100万美元只是沧海一粟。要实现真正的变革，还需要数百万美元。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。下次见……我是安娜·马特奥。