Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question about the difference between the words “deplete" and “evacuate.”
Dear Learning English,
I am Mehran from Iran, Tehran. I'm interested in your program and I'm improving my English from VOA learning English.
I have a question: What the difference is between “deplete” and “evacuate?”
Best regards, Mehran
Dear Mehran,
Thank you for asking about these two terms.
“Deplete” and “evacuate” both suggest “to lessen or remove” something. However, there are big differences in the dictionary definitions of these words and their uses.
Let us start with “deplete.”
“Deplete” is a verb that takes a direct object. It means to lessen, reduce, or use up something over time.
We commonly use “deplete” with nouns like “strength,” “energy,” “resources,” “money,” or “funds."
Jack depleted his college fund a year before graduation.
This sentence means that Jack used up most or all of the money in his college fund before he graduated.
Natural resources like oil and coal will become depleted, so we must find other energy sources.
This means that natural resources will run out after an amount of time.
The nurse’s 16-hour shift depleted all of her energy. She was so tired by the time she returned home.
This means that she had no more energy left.
Let us move on to “evacuate”
“Evacuate” is also a verb that takes a direct object. It usually means to remove people from an area because it is dangerous.
The word is often linked with the idea of an emergency. When we use the term “evacuate,” there is a sense of quickness or urgency.
In everyday speech, this is the most common way that we use “evacuate.”
When the fire alarm goes off, people must evacuate the building.
This means people must leave the building if they hear the alarm, whether there is a fire or not.
“Evacuate” can also mean to make or leave empty or sometimes in the case of a body, it can mean to discharge.
We had to evacuate all the furniture in the house to clean the floors.
The doctor evacuated rocks and dirt from the open cut on her knee.
These two words might seem similar in meaning, but they are very different. You can think of “deplete” as “using up or lessening over time.” For “evacuate,” you can think of “removing very quickly” because of an emergency.
Please let us know if these examples and explanations have helped you, Mehran!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m John Russell.

译文:
你好!在本周的“有问必答”节目中，我们将回答一个关于单词“deplete”和“evacuate”的区别。
亲爱的学习英语栏目,
我是Mehran，来自伊朗德黑兰。我对你的节目很感兴趣，我正在通过美国之音学习英语来提高我的英语。
我有一个问题:“deplete”和“evacuate”有什么区别?
最好的问候, Mehran
亲爱的Mehran,
谢谢你询问这两个术语。
“Deplete”和“evacuate”都表示“减少或移除”某物。然而，这些词的字典定义和用法有很大的不同。
让我们从“Deplete”开始。
“Deplete”是一个带有直接宾语的动词。它的意思是随着时间的推移减少、减少或使用某物。
我们通常把“deplete”和“strength”、“energy”、“resources”、“money”或“funds”等名词一起使用。
杰克在毕业前一年用光了他的大学基金。
这句话的意思是杰克在毕业前就用光了他大学基金里的大部分钱。
像石油和煤炭这样的自然资源将会枯竭，所以我们必须寻找其他能源。
这意味着自然资源将在一段时间后耗尽。
护士16个小时的轮班耗尽了她所有的精力。当她回到家的时候，她已经很累了。
这意味着她已经没有力气了。
让我们继续讲"evacuate"
"Evacuate"也是一个带直接宾语的动词。它通常意味着把人们从一个危险的地区疏散出去。
这个词经常与紧急情况联系在一起。当我们使用“疏散”这个词时，有一种快速或紧急的感觉。
在日常生活中，这是我们使用"evacuate"的最常见方式。
当火警响起时，人们必须撤离大楼。
这意味着如果听到警报，无论是否有火灾，人们都必须离开大楼。
"Evacuate"也可指使或留下空位，有时在身体的情况下，可指"排出"。
我们不得不把房子里所有的家具都撤走来清洁地板。
医生清理了她膝盖伤口中的石头和泥土。
这两个词在意思上可能相似，但它们是非常不同的。你可以把“deplete”理解为“随着时间的推移耗尽或减少”。对于“evacuate”，则是在紧急情况下“迅速减少某些东西”。
请让我们知道这些例子和解释是否帮助了你，Mehran!
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期节目内容。我是John Russell。