Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from Zehra, a reader of our website, about the difference between using the question words “what” and “which.”
Hello, Could you please tell me which one is correct? “What color is missing?” or “Which color is missing?”Zehra
Dear Zehra,Thank you for your question! Either of these questions could be correct.
“What” and “which” can both be used to form a question. 
So, either of these questions could be correct. It depends on the situation and the information we are seeking. 
Let us consider each question word more closely.
When we ask a question using “what,” we are asking for information because we do not know the answer. The information can be about things or actions.
For example: What is your favorite kind of pizza?
In this example, the person who asks the question does not know what kind of pizza the other person likes.
There can be an unlimited number of possible answers. This is important when trying to decide between the two question words.
A person answering the pizza question could say a favorite combination of toppings, like meat and cheese, or even a favorite style of pizza.
We use “which” to ask questions about specific information or when we are presenting a set of choices.
We may have some background information that we want to explore more by using a “which” question.
For example, if I am in a parking lot with my friend and I know she has a car but am unsure which is hers, I could ask a question using “which.”
Which is yours, the blue truck or the red car?
Here, the question deals with a limited choice. So we use the question word “which.”
We can use an example using geography to easily show the difference between “what” and “which.”
What is the capital of the United States?
The answer is unknown, and the choices are unlimited.
Which is the capital of the United States: Philadelphia or Washington, D.C.?
There are only two choices.
Using “what” suggest that the questioner does not know the answer and that there is no limit to the number of possible answers.
If you choose “which” as your question word, you may have prior knowledge and you are asking for information that is more specific. You may also be limiting the decision to a few choices.
Please let us know if these examples and explanations have helped you, Zehra!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo.

译文:
你好!在本周的“有问必答”节目中，我们将回答网站读者Zehra的一个问题，关于使用疑问词“what”和“which”的区别。
你好，你能告诉我哪个是正确的吗?“What color is missing?”或者“Which color is missing?”Zehra
亲爱的Zehra，谢谢你的问题!这两个问题都有可能是正确的。
" What "和" which "都可以用来构成问句。
所以，这两个问题都可能是正确的。这取决于情况和我们所寻求的信息。
让我们更仔细地考虑每个疑问词。
当我们用“what”提问时，我们是在询问信息，因为我们不知道答案。信息可以是关于事物或行为的。
你最喜欢什么批萨?
在这个例子中，问这个问题的人不知道对方喜欢什么样的披萨。
可能的答案数量是无限的。当你在两个疑问词之间做出选择时，这一点很重要。
回答关于披萨的问题的人可以说自己最喜欢的配料组合，比如肉和奶酪，甚至是最喜欢的披萨风格。
我们用“which”来问关于特定信息的问题，或者当我们给出一系列选择时。
我们可能有一些背景信息，我们想通过使用“which”的问题来探索更多。
例如，如果我和我的朋友在停车场，我知道她有一辆车，但不确定哪辆是她的，我可以用“which”来问问题。
哪一辆是你的，蓝色的卡车还是红色的小汽车?
在这里，这个问题涉及有限的选择。所以我们用疑问词which。
我们可以用一个地理的例子来轻松地展示" what "和" which "之间的区别。
美国的首都是哪里?
答案是未知的，选择是无限的。
哪一个是美国的首都:费城还是华盛顿?
只有两种选择。
使用“what”表示提问者不知道答案，并且没有可能答案的数量限制。
如果你选择“which”作为你的疑问词，你可能已经有了先验知识，你是在要求更具体的信息。你也可能会把决定限制在几个选择之内。
请让我们知道这些例子和解释是否帮助了你，Zehra!
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期内容。我是费斯皮尔洛。