And now, Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
Roads are paved with different kinds of materials, such as concrete or asphalt. Older roads were paved with cobblestones.
Some streets in Washington, DC still have the cobblestones from over a hundred years ago. They were meant for horses and carriages. So, they can be difficult to walk on.
Today we talk about roads paved with a very different material – intentions. Intentions are things we mean to do or things we want to do. They are not things we have done.
So, sometimes we say: The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
This is a proverb -- a short, well-known saying containing a wise thought. The wise thought with this proverb is promises and plans must be put into action, or else they are useless.
Some people talk a lot about doing things, but they don't actually do them.
This proverb means that we intend to do something good but, in the end, we do not do it. And the road to hell (a bad place) is paved with all those promises that we did not keep.
Now, let’s hear it used in an example.
There is a community event to raise money for a new playground.
Many people promised their time and skills to raise the money, including a woman named Tara. But Tara did not show up at the event.
Let’s listen…
A: Hey, have you seen Tara?
B: No, I haven’t, and I’ve been here all day. What was she supposed to do for the event?
A: She promised to bring her famous bread for the event. She said she could raise around $500 for the new playground. Well, that was her intention anyway.
B: You know what they say: The road to hell is paved with good intentions. Tara always promises and then doesn’t deliver.
A: I wish I had known that before organizing this event.
Sometimes, we would say that talk is cheap, or actions speak louder than words. These are both common expressions to use when someone promises to do something but fails to come through or when they simply talk about doing something.
We also use the road to hell is paved with good intentions to describe another situation. It is not enough to intend to behave well or treat others well. For it to count, you must actually do it.
And that’s all the time we have for this Words and Their Stories.
Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo.

译文:
这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
道路是用不同的材料铺成的，如混凝土或沥青。以前的路是用鹅卵石铺的。
华盛顿特区的一些街道仍然铺着一百多年前的鹅卵石。它们本来是用来装马和马车的。所以，很难在上面步行。
今天我们来谈谈用一种完全不同的物质铺就的道路——意图。意图是指我们打算做的事情或我们想要做的事情。它们不是我们做过的事情。
所以，有时我们会说:通往地狱的路是由善意铺成的。
这是一句谚语——简短而广为人知的谚语，蕴含着睿智的思想。这句谚语的启示是 “承诺和计划必须付诸行动，否则它们是无用的。”
有些人说了很多要做的事情，但他们实际上并没有做。
这句谚语的意思是，我们打算做一件好事，但最终我们没有去做。通往地狱(一个糟糕的地方)的道路是由我们没有遵守的承诺铺成的。
现在，我们来听一个例子。
有一个社区活动为一个新操场筹集资金。
许多人承诺他们的时间和技能来筹集资金，其中包括一位名叫塔拉的妇女。但塔拉没有出现在活动中。
让我们听一下对话…
A:嘿，你看见塔拉了吗?
B:没有，我一整天都在这里。她打算为这个活动做些什么呢?
A:她答应带她最拿手的面包来参加这次活动。她说她可以为新操场筹集大约500美元。不管怎样，这就是她的目的。
B:你知道人们常说:通往地狱的道路是由善意铺成的。塔拉总是信誓旦旦，然后又食言。
A:我希望在组织这次活动之前就知道这一点。
有时，我们会说，空谈是廉价的，或者行动比语言更响亮。这两个都是常用的表达方式，当某人承诺要做某事但没有实现，或者他们只是说要做某事。
我们也用“地狱之路铺满了善意”来形容另一种情况。仅仅只是心里打算“好好表现”或“对人友善”是不够的。要让它算数，你必须实际去做。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。
欢迎收看下期节目，我是Anna Matteo。