In this week’s Everyday Grammar report, we will continue telling about how to communicate politely in emails.
Murat, a reader of our website, asked if we could talk about how to open and close our emails when making a polite request.
Thank you, Murat, for this idea.
Today, we will talk about greetings, how we can close our emails and finish our discussion about polite requests.
To set a good tone for your request, consider the subject heading, the opening and the closing of your email.
Some greetings include:
Dear (name of receiver),“Dear” is considered very formal.
Hello (name of receiver),“Hello” is an acceptable greeting, but it is less formal.
If the person answers with a less formal greeting, like “hi” or “hey,” then this is a signal that they prefer a less formal tone. You may want to change how you answer them.
For closings, express your appreciation and remind the receiver that you expect an answer.You could say something like this:
I really appreciate your help. I look forward to your reply. Thank you for taking your time to read this email. I hope to hear from you soon!
Some simple ways to end the message include: Sincerely, (followed by your name)
Similar endings are: All the best, Best wishes, Thanks, Or Thank you,
These are all common, formal expressions to politely close your emails.
When making a request by email, we want to show awareness of the receiver’s situation. 
To do this, we use hedging expressions to soften what we want to say. 
Hedging expressions let the writer of the email say what they want to say but in a less direct way and more politely. For example, one could say:
I'm sorry to bother you, but would you have time to review this report?
I know you’re busy, but if you get some free time later, would you like to meet up for coffee?
This is a lot to ask, but do you mind waiting for me? I’m almost finished. 
The hedging expressions come before the word “but” in the questions. The request comes after.
These expressions show the receiver of the email that we understand their situation.
We can also use the words “possible” and “possibly,” when hedging a request. 
These words express the probability or chance of the request being fulfilled. Let us look at these examples:
Could you possibly drive me to the train station later?
Is there any possible way for you to meet me downtown?
When using “possibly” with a modal verb like “could,” it shows the receiver that you are even more aware that the request might not be fulfilled. 
Giving the receiver the chance to say “no,” makes the request more polite.
When making polite requests, we can offer a good thought or action to balance the request.
For example, you can show your appreciation or thankfulness.
I would really appreciate the favor.
The verb “appreciate” is a transitive verb, which means it takes a direct object.
You can add the adverb “really” to strengthen the expression.
You can also offer something in exchange for the request. For example, you could say:
I owe you a favor. Or I can cover for you next time.
“To owe someone a favor” means that you will return a kindness or service to someone because they have done something for you.
“To cover for someone” means that you will take their place for a task next time.
You can include a reason for the request. This could be an explanation or an excuse. 
For example you could say:
Would you mind reading my essay? I’d like really like your feedback.
Or Would it be okay if we reschedule our lunch for next week? I’m not feeling well today.
In these examples, the reason is a separate statement that comes after the request. 
We do not always need a reason for the request, but giving a reason makes the request more polite, and the receiver may be more willing to help you.
In today’s Everyday Grammar, we looked at additional ways to express a request politely in an email. 
We can use hedging expressions and “possibly” to show awareness of the receiver’s situation. 
We can offer a good thought or action to balance a request. 
We can include a reason to support the request. 
And be aware of your openings and closings in emails. A formal and thoughtful greeting can make your request more likely to receive the answer you hoped for.
I’m Faith Pirlo. And I’m Jill Robbins.

译文：
在本周的《每日语法》节目中，我们将继续讲述如何在电子邮件中礼貌地交流。
Murat是我们网站的一名读者，他问我们能否谈谈在礼貌地提出请求时如何打开和关闭电子邮件。
Murat，谢谢你的这个问题。
今天，我们将讨论问候语，如何结束邮件以及结束关于礼貌请求的讨论。
为你的请求设定一个好的基调，考虑邮件的主题标题、开头和结尾。
一些问候
Dear(收信人的名字)，“Dear”被认为是非常正式的。
Hello(收信人的名字)，“Hello”是一种可以接受的问候，但不那么正式。
如果这个人用不太正式的问候语来回答，比如“hi”或“hey”，那么这是一个信号，表明他们喜欢不太正式的语气。你可能想要改变你回答问题的方式。
作为结束语，表达你的感激之情并提醒收信人你期待他的答复。你可以这样说:
非常感谢你的帮助。我期待你的回复。感谢您花时间阅读这封邮件。我希望很快收到你的来信!
一些简单的结束信息的方法包括:Sincerely, (跟上你的名字)
类似的结尾有:All the best, best wishes, Thanks，或Thank you，
这些都是常见的，礼貌地结束邮件的正式表达。
当通过电子邮件提出请求时，我们想表达对收信人境况的理解。
为了做到这一点，我们使用模棱两可的表达来软化我们想说的话。
模棱两可的表达可以让邮件的作者表达他们想说的话，但不那么直接，更有礼貌。例如，有人可以说:
很抱歉打扰您，您有时间看一下这份报告吗?
我知道你很忙，但如果你之后有空，你愿意约我一起喝杯咖啡吗?
这个要求很过分，但你介意等我吗?我几乎完成了。
在疑问句中，模棱两可的表达出现在but之前。请求在后面。
这些表达向邮件接收者表明我们理解他们的情况。
我们也可以用“possible”和“possibly”来模糊请求。
这些词表达了请求得到满足的概率或机会。让我们来看看这些例子:
过会儿你能送我去火车站吗?
你有可能在市中心和我见面吗?
当“possibly”与情态动词“could”连用时，它会向接收者表明，你甚至意识到请求可能没有得到满足。
给对方说“不”的机会，会让请求更有礼貌。
当提出礼貌的请求时，我们可以提出一个好的想法或行动来平衡请求。
例如，你可以表达你的感激之情。
我真的很感激你的帮助。
动词“appreciate”是一个及物动词，意思是它需要一个直接宾语。
你可以加上副词really来加强表达。
你也可以提供一些东西来交换这个请求。例如，你可以说:
我欠你一个人情。或者下次我可以替你。
“欠某人一个人情”的意思是你会回报某人的善意或服务，因为他们为你做了某事。
“To cover for someone”的意思是下次你会代替他们完成一项任务。
您可以包括请求的原因。这可能是一种解释或借口。
例如，你可以说:
你介意看我的文章吗?我真的很想要你的反馈。
或者我们可以把午餐时间改到下周吗?我今天感觉不舒服。
在这些例子中，原因是在请求之后出现了一个单独的语句。
我们并不总是需要一个请求的理由，但是给出一个理由会使请求更有礼貌，接收者可能会更愿意帮助你。
在今天的《日常语法》节目中，我们学习了在电子邮件中礼貌地表达请求的其他方法。
我们可以使用模棱两可的表达和“可能”来表示对接收者的情况的了解。
我们可以提供一个好的想法或行动来平衡一个请求。
我们可以包括一个支持请求的理由。
在邮件中注意你的开场白和结尾。正式而体贴的问候能让你的请求更有可能得到你所希望的答复。
我Faith Pirlo, 我是Jill Robbins。