
Free Google AI Tool Aims to Improve Job Interview Skills 

Google has launched a new tool designed to help people prepare for job interviews.
The system, called Interview Warmup, is powered by artificial intelligence (AI) methods. 
The tool creates interview test questions related to several major technology fields. 
These include information technology (IT) and support, project management, data analytics and online sales and marketing.
The tool was created as part of Google’s efforts to develop “conversational AI” systems. 
These systems use messaging technologies and voice recognition to permit users to interact with computers and devices in more natural ways.
Google recently launched Interview Warmup to the public for free.
Users first choose the field they are interested in for a practice interview. 
The process involves users typing or speaking their answers into the system after each question is presented. Video is currently not part of the tool.
The system centers on three main kinds of questions – background, situational and technical, Google explains.
Background questions cover a user’s past training and job history. 
Situational questions seek information on how a job seeker has dealt with different career situations in the past. 
And technical questions cover the specific knowledge and skills a person has.
If the user speaks using a microphone, the tool puts the user’s answers into written form. 
The Interview Warmup system then uses AI and machine learning methods to analyze the answers and provide suggestions for improvements.
For example, the system can let a user know when he or she is using important terms related to specific jobs of interest. It also identifies the words used most by the interviewee. 
Google says this information can help job seekers recognize whether using such repeated words can help or hurt them during an interview.
The tool can also point out any “talking points” that were used or suggest new ones that could be effective when interviewing for different kinds of jobs.
For people with privacy concerns, Google says none of the information entered or spoken into the tool is stored or shared. 
Since the system does not store information, users are asked to copy any answers they want to keep in a separate document.
While creating the system, developers spoke with individuals who had completed job training classes offered by Google and were actively looking for work. The classes are part of the company’s Career Certificate Program.
Jasmin Rubinovitz is a software engineer and researcher with Google Creative Lab. She helped develop the Interview Warmup tool. 
Rubinovitz explains in a video that there are currently more than 1.3 million job openings in the United States for high-paying technology jobs across different fields.
She notes, however, that the company’s career training programs can only go so far in helping prepare job seekers to get one of those available positions. 
“We found that the one thing (job seekers) had a hard time with was interviewing,” Rubinovitz said.
“So we tried to think, could we use machine learning and large language models to build a tool to help you practice for a job interview,” she added.
Rubinovitz says the tool is designed to permit job seekers to practice their interview skills in a “safe space” as many times as they desire.
Interview Warmup can be used with most internet browsers, as well as the Android and iOS mobile operating systems.
I’m Bryan Lynn.


谷歌免费AI工具帮你提升面试技能

谷歌推出了一个新工具，旨在帮助人们准备工作面试。
该系统被称为“面试热身”，由人工智能(AI)方法驱动。
该工具创建与几个主要技术领域相关的面试测试问题。
其中包括信息技术(IT)和支持、项目管理、数据分析以及在线销售和营销。
该工具是谷歌开发“对话式人工智能”系统的一部分。
这些系统使用信息技术和语音识别技术，使用户能够以更自然的方式与计算机和设备进行交互。
谷歌最近向公众免费推出了“面试热身”。
用户首先选择他们感兴趣的领域进行练习面试。
这个过程包括用户在每个问题被提出后输入或说出他们的答案到系统中。目前该工具不支持视频。
谷歌解释说，该系统主要围绕三种问题——背景、情境和技术。
背景问题包括用户过去的培训和工作经历。
情境型问题旨在了解求职者过去是如何处理不同职业情况的。
技术问题涵盖一个人的特定知识和技能。
如果用户使用麦克风说话，该工具会将用户的回答以书面形式呈现出来。
面试预热系统随后使用人工智能和机器学习方法分析答案，并提供改进建议。
例如，系统可以让用户知道他或她何时使用了与特定工作相关的重要术语。它还列出了受访者最常用的词汇。
谷歌表示，这些信息可以帮助求职者认识到在面试中使用这种重复的词语是有益还是有害。
该工具还可以指出任何被使用过的“谈话要点”，或提出在不同类型的工作面试中可能有效的新建议。
对于担心隐私问题的人，谷歌表示，在该工具中输入或说出的信息都不会被存储或共享。
由于系统不存储信息，用户被要求复制他们想要保存在一个单独的文档中的任何答案。
在创建系统时，开发人员与完成了谷歌提供的工作培训课程并积极寻找工作的个人进行了交谈。这些课程是该公司职业证书项目的一部分。
鲁宾诺维茨是谷歌创意实验室的软件工程师和研究员。她帮助开发了面试热身工具。
鲁宾诺维茨在一段视频中解释说，目前美国有超过130万个不同领域的高薪技术职位空缺。
不过，她指出，该公司的职业培训项目在帮助求职者获得这些职位方面只能起到这样的作用。
鲁宾诺维茨说:“我们发现(求职者)最头疼的一件事就是面试。
她补充说:“所以我们试图思考，我们是否可以使用机器学习和大型语言模型来构建一个工具，帮助你练习求职面试。”
鲁宾诺维茨说，这个工具的设计是为了让求职者在一个“安全的空间”里练习面试技巧，想练习多少次都可以。
“面试热身”系统适用于大多数网络浏览器，以及Android和iOS移动操作系统。
我是布莱恩·林恩。