And now, Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
On this program we explore words and expressions in the English language. We give you examples and sometimes notes on usage.
Today we talk about expressions related to keeping on time. To help us plan our time, we use tools — namely clocks and watches.
If something happens at the exact same time every day it is predictable. When an event is very regular, we can say we could “set our watch by it.”
And that is our first expression – to set your watch by something.
You might hear someone using it like this:
Regina leaves her house to go to work every weekday at exactly 7a.m — never a minute earlier or later. You can set your watch by it.
In this example, you could say that Regina is a “creature of habit.” This means she sticks to her plan no matter what happens. And that is why you can set your watch by her.
This expression can also describe someone who is always on time. They are reliable and punctual – like in this example.
A: John said he’d be here at 3 p.m. and it’s 2:45 p.m. If he’s late, we’ll miss our train!
B: Don’t worry. If John said he will be here, then he will be here. He’s always right on time. You could set your watch by him.
Now, let’s talk about clocks: devices that tell time.
Some events or activities happen easily and on time. And some systems operate without a problem. If everything is going as planned, we can say it is “running like clockwork.”
Clockwork is a system of wheels and springs inside mechanical clocks. The term means something that is carefully made which runs smoothly and on time.
Once, I ran a two-week teacher training class. It took a lot of work to organize and had “many moving parts,” or things that needed to be done. But I’m happy to say that the training ran like clockwork!
Here is another way to say that: The training went off “without a hitch.” Here, “hitch” is a problem.
To run like clockwork means to operate with extreme regularity. 
Some word experts say that using a clock mechanism to describe other areas of our lives dates from at least the late seventeenth century.
Now, listen to this example:
For a big company event, we rented a conference room in a big hotel. 
But we only had the space until 3 p.m. And we had a lot of issues to cover. 
Luckily, the event ran like clockwork. We got all our work done and still had time left over to have a little fun!
The expression “run like clockwork” can also mean to operate, manage, control, or direct something in a very smooth, efficient, reliable manner. 
Used this way, a noun or pronoun is used between "run" and "like clockwork."
Here are some examples:
When the new manager took over, he wanted to run the office like clockwork. So, he made the workers take lunch at set times every day.
When I lived in Seattle, I ran a children’s theater festival like clockwork. All the performances were on time and everyone had a blast!
Years ago in Washington, DC, I ran a children's summer camp like clockwork. All the activities were on time, and all the children had a blast.
And that’s all the time we have for Words and Their Stories. But we’ll be back at the same time next week because this show runs like clockwork. You can set your clock by it!
Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo.

译文:
这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
在这个节目中，我们探索英语中的单词和短语。我们会给你一些例子，有时也会注意用法。
今天我们来谈谈与守时有关的表达。为了帮助我们规划时间，我们使用工具，即钟表。
如果某件事每天都在同一时间发生，那它是可以预测的。当一件事情非常有规律时，我们可以说我们可以“set our watch by it(可以拿它来对表)。”
这是我们的第一个短语——to set your watch by something。
你可能会听到有人这样使用它:
瑞金娜每个工作日早上7点准时出门上班。从不早一分钟或晚一分钟。你可以根据它对表。
在这个例子中，你可以说Regina是一个“墨守成规的人”。意思是无论发生什么，她都坚持自己的计划。这就是为什么你可以和她对表。
这个表达也可以用来描述一个总是很准时的人。他们是可靠和准时的，就像这个例子。
A:约翰说他下午3点到，现在已经2点45分了。如果他迟到，我们就赶不上火车了!
B:别担心。如果约翰说他会在这里，那么他就会在这里。他总是很准时。你可以跟他对表。
现在，让我们来谈谈钟表:devices that tell time。
有些事件或活动很容易发生，而且准时。有些系统运行起来没有问题。如果一切都按计划进行，我们可以说它“running like clockwork”。
发条装置是机械钟内部的一个由轮子和弹簧组成的系统。这个词的意思是精心制作的东西，平稳、准时地运行。
有一次，我举办了一个为期两周的教师培训班。它需要大量的工作来组织，有“许多活动部件”，或需要做的事情。但我很高兴地说，训练进行得非常顺利!
还有另一种说法:The training went off“without a hitch”。在这里，“hitch”是个问题。
To run like clockwork意思是非常有规律地运行。
一些词汇专家表示，用时钟机制来描述我们生活的其他领域至少可以追溯到17世纪晚期。
现在来听这个例子:
为了参加公司的大型活动，我们在一家大酒店租了一间会议室。
但我们只能租到下午3点。我们有很多问题要处理。
幸运的是，事情进展得很顺利。我们完成了所有的工作，还剩下时间来找点乐子!
“run like clockwork”这个表达也可以指以一种非常平稳、高效、可靠的方式操作、管理、控制或指导某事。
在“run”和“like clockwork”之间使用名词或代词。
以下是一些例子:
新经理上任后，想要有条不紊地管理办公室。所以，他让工人们每天在固定的时间吃午饭。
当我住在西雅图的时候，我有条不紊地举办了一个儿童戏剧节。所有的表演都很准时，每个人都玩得很开心!
几年前在华盛顿特区，我有条不紊地举办了一个儿童夏令营。所有的活动都很准时，所有的孩子都玩得很开心。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。但我们将在下周的同一时间回来，因为这个节目是像时钟一样准时运行的。你可以用它来设定你的时钟!
欢迎收看下期节目，我是Anna Matteo。