Japanese researchers have released plans to recreate Earth’s level of gravity on the moon.
The effort aims to support plans by the United States and other nations to establish long-term bases for humans on the moon.
The low gravity on the moon would affect humans living there in important ways. 
The American space agency NASA notes that gravity on the surface of the moon is one-sixth the gravity we experience on Earth.
Designers working on plans to recreate Earth’s level of gravity, known as “1 g,” on the moon are proposing the use of a centrifugal system. 
Centrifugal force is created by circular motion. A centrifuge machine turns very fast to force material in it away from a center or axis point, NASA explains.
This planned system would create artificial gravity within an enclosed space on the moon’s surface.
The project is a partnership between researchers at Japan’s Kyoto University and engineers at Japanese building company Kajima. 
The researchers said a centrifugal system could also work on Mars. 
The two organizations recently announced they will launch a joint study on developing the living environments.
“Humanity is now moving from the era of ‘staying’ in space to the era of ‘living’ on the Moon and Mars,” said a statement issued by Kyoto University’s SIC Human Spaceology Center.
The researchers said they plan to “develop an infrastructure” to support human life on the moon and Mars. This would involve building “artificial gravity habitats” in both places.
The huge, planned structures will be designed with living spaces, as well as small forests and waterfronts. 
The team is calling its moon project Lunar Glass. It says a simplified version of the structure could be built on the moon by 2050.
Yosuke Yamashiki is the director of the SIC Human Spaceology Center. 
He told Japan’s Asahi Shimbun newspaper, “There is no plan like this in other countries’ space development plans." 
Yamashiki added that the plan “represents important technologies” that will permit humans to move to space for long periods.
The American space agency NASA plans on returning humans to the moon as early as 2025 as part of its Artemis program. 
The program also calls for establishing a long-term base on the moon that could one day launch astronauts to Mars.
Last year, China and Russia signed an agreement to set up an international lunar research station on the surface of the moon.
And American billionaire and SpaceX chief Elon Musk has said he wants to launch humans to Mars on his company’s rockets by 2030.
The Japanese researchers say one of the main purposes of the artificial gravity environments is to permit people to stay on the moon or Mars without suffering bad physical effects. 
Several studies have shown that the human body can be harmed by the lack of gravity in space.
The team said in a statement that an artificial gravity environment could make it possible for humans to give birth on places like the moon or Mars. 
In addition, children could develop and grow normally. 
The researchers note, however, that much study and testing will be needed to identify the true health benefits of artificial gravity in space.
By living in such environments, “human beings will be able to have children without anxiety and maintain a physical condition that allows them to return to Earth at any time,” the researchers said.
Another part of the project involves plans to build a transportation system to travel between Earth, the moon and Mars. 
The so-called “Hexagon Space Track” would use the same artificial gravity technology as the proposed structures, the researchers said. 
The system would be designed to permit vehicles to stop at “stations” — built on satellites — orbiting the moon or Mars.
I’m Bryan Lynn.

译文:
日本研究人员公布了在月球上重现地球引力的计划。
这项努力旨在支持美国和其他国家在月球上建立人类长期基地的计划。
月球上的低重力会在许多重要方面影响人类的生活。
美国航天局NASA指出，月球表面的重力是我们在地球上感受到的重力的六分之一。
设计人员计划在月球上重现地球的重力水平，即“1G”，他们建议使用离心系统。
离心力是由圆周运动产生的。美国国家航空航天局解释说，离心机旋转非常快，迫使其中的物质离开中心或轴点。
这个计划中的系统将在月球表面的封闭空间中制造人工引力。
该项目是日本京都大学的研究人员和日本鹿岛建筑公司的工程师之间的合作。
研究人员表示，离心系统也可以在火星上工作。
这两家机构最近宣布，他们将启动一项关于开发生活环境的联合研究。
京都大学SIC人类空间研究中心发表的一份声明称:“人类现在正从‘停留’在太空的时代走向‘生活’在月球和火星的时代。”
研究人员表示，他们计划“开发基础设施”，以支持人类在月球和火星上的生活。这将涉及在这两个地方建造“人工重力栖息地”。
巨大的规划结构将设计有生活空间，以及小森林和海滨。
该团队将其月球项目称为“月球玻璃”。该机构表示，该结构的简化版本可能于2050年在月球上建造。
Yosuke Yamashiki是SIC人类宇宙学中心的主任。
他告诉日本《朝日新闻》，“在其他国家的太空发展计划中没有这样的计划。”
Yamashiki补充说，该计划“代表了重要的技术”，将允许人类长期在太空中移动。
美国航天局NASA计划最早于2025年让人类重返月球，这是其阿尔忒弥斯计划的一部分。
该计划还呼吁在月球上建立一个长期基地，有朝一日可以将宇航员送上火星。
去年，中国和俄罗斯签署了一项协议，将在月球表面建立一个国际月球研究站。
美国亿万富翁、SpaceX公司首席执行官Elon Musk表示，他希望在2030年之前用公司的火箭将人类送上火星。
日本研究人员表示，人造重力环境的主要目的之一是让人们留在月球或火星上，而不会受到不良的物理影响。
几项研究表明，在太空中缺乏重力会对人体造成伤害。
该团队在一份声明中表示，人工重力环境可能使人类在月球或火星等地的生育成为可能。
此外，儿童可以正常发育和成长。
然而，研究人员指出，还需要进行大量的研究和测试，以确定在太空中人工重力对健康的真正好处。
研究人员说，在这样的环境中生活，“人类将能够在没有焦虑的情况下生育孩子，并保持一种可以随时返回地球的身体状况。”
该项目的另一部分包括建立一个往返于地球、月球和火星之间的运输系统。
研究人员说，所谓的“六边形空间轨道”将使用与拟议结构相同的人工重力技术。
该系统将允许车辆在绕月球或火星运行的卫星上建造的“空间站”上停车。
我是布莱恩·林恩。
