Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from VSRC Murthy in India about some stormy weather.
Hello VOA Learning English,
I have a question about the differences and similarities among these words: “hurricanes,” “typhoons,” “tornadoes,” “cyclones,” and “thunderstorms.”
Thank you,
VSRC Murthy from Hyderabad, India.
Thank you, VSRC Murthy! Your question is timed well.
Powerful storms have been in the news recently, from a hurricane that hit the southern United States to a typhoon that blew into the Philippines, Vietnam and Thailand.
Which word you might use to describe a storm often depends on where you are in the world. Let’s start with hurricane.
Merriam-Webster Dictionary says that word means a tropical cyclone with winds of 119 kilometers an hour or greater,  and usually including rain, thunder, and lightning. ~
The term is used for such storms in the North Atlantic Ocean down to the Caribbean Sea.
Typhoons are the same kind of powerful ocean storm, or cyclone, but that term is used for storms in the Northwest Pacific Ocean.
In the South Pacific and Indian Ocean, these storms are more commonly called tropical cyclones.
All of these storms are considered cyclones because they rotate or move in a circular motion across tropical or subtropical warm waters.
You may have heard names like “tropical depression” or “tropical storm” in news coverage of hurricanes and the like. ~
These kinds of storms can lead to a hurricane or typhoon depending on the speed of the winds.
A storm with winds below 62.7 kilometers per hour is a “tropical depression.” ~
If the winds are from 62.7 to 118 kilometers per hour, the storm is called a “tropical storm.” ~
And lastly, anything over 119 kilometers per hour is consider a hurricane, typhoon, or cyclone.
Hurricanes and typhoons include thunderstorms and storm surges from ocean water that can lead to coastal flooding.
Thunderstorms are heavy rainstorms in which you can hear thunder. ~
During thunderstorms, winds are strong and there is always lightning. ~
You can find thunderstorms in different parts of the world, not just in the tropics.
When thunderstorms become severe with intense winds, tornadoes can form. ~
Tornadoes are narrow storms that start in a thunderstorm and touch the ground. ~
They are very violent and destructive.
Here are a few examples of how we can use these words in sentences:
Hurricane season in the Atlantic Ocean is from June through the end of November.
Typhoon Noru quickly strengthened into a super typhoon last week with winds up to 175 kilometers per hour.
Often in the summer, thunderstorms form in the afternoons bringing heavy rain and lightning.
Tornado Alley is an area in the central United States where tornadoes happen often.
Please let us know if these examples and explanations have helped you, VSRC Murthy!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo.

你好!本周的“有问必答”节目中，我们将回答来自印度的VSRC Murthy关于暴风雨天气的问题。
你好，美国之音慢速英语，
我有一个关于“飓风”、“台风”、“龙卷风”、“旋风”和“雷暴”这些词的异同之处的问题。
谢谢你！
来自印度海得拉巴的VSRC Murthy。
谢谢你，VSRC Murthy!你的问题问得好。
最近，从袭击美国南部的飓风到袭击菲律宾、越南和泰国的台风，强大的风暴频频出现在新闻中。
你用哪个词来描述风暴通常取决于你在世界上的什么地方。让我们从 hurricane (飓风)开始。
韦氏词典说，这个词的意思是每小时风速达119公里或更高的热带气旋，通常包括雨、雷和闪电。～
这个术语用于北大西洋到加勒比海的这种风暴。
台风是一种强大的海洋风暴或气旋，但这个术语用于西北太平洋的风暴。
在南太平洋和印度洋，这些风暴通常被称为热带气旋。
所有这些风暴都被认为是气旋，因为它们在热带或亚热带温暖水域以圆周运动旋转或移动。
你可能在飓风之类的新闻报道中听到过“热带低气压”或“热带风暴”这样的名字。～
根据风速的不同，这类风暴可能会导致飓风或台风。
风速低于每小时62.7公里的风暴是“热带低气压”。”~
如果风速在每小时62.7到118公里之间，这场风暴被称为“热带风暴”。”~
最后，任何超过119公里每小时的都被认为是飓风、台风或气旋。
飓风和台风包括雷暴和来自海水的风暴潮，它们会导致沿海洪水。
雷暴是指你能听到雷声的强暴雨。～
雷暴期间，风很大，经常有闪电。～
你可以在世界各地发现雷暴，不仅仅是在热带地区。
当雷暴变得严重并伴有强风时，就会形成龙卷风。～
龙卷风是在雷暴中开始接触地面的窄风暴。～
它们非常暴力和具有破坏性。
下面是一些在句子中如何使用这些单词的例子:
大西洋的飓风季节是从6月到11月底。
台风诺如上周迅速增强为超级台风，风速达到每小时175公里。
通常在夏天，下午会形成雷暴，带来大雨和闪电。
Tornado Alley 是美国中部龙卷风经常发生的地区。
请让我们知道这些例子和解释是否对你有帮助，VSRC Murthy!
你对美式英语有什么问题?给我们发邮件到learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期的《有问必答》。我是 Faith Pirlo。