Hello! This week on Everyday Grammar, we will share some common expressions for eating. This is the second part to a question we received from a Learning English fan in Myanmar.
Thin Ya Thaw asked, “Could you tell me the most useful expressions in your daily life? This helps me a lot in learning English. I want to know natural English to communicate with others."
Thank you, once again, for your thoughtful question and study subject, Thin!
We will look at some questions about eating and drinking in today’s report.
While thinking of the most useful expressions, food and eating were the first ideas that came to mind.
Americans not only plan daily activities around the weather, but they also plan their days around a meal. 
We call a meal in the morning, breakfast, and around noon, lunch. A meal in the evening is called dinner. And on the weekend, we sometimes have a late breakfast or an early lunch. So, we call it brunch!
We may cook our food, take fast food home, or choose to eat out at a restaurant. But there are a few phrases that we use to talk about eating and drinking. 
Let us look at several of these now!
Are you hungry?
Have you eaten yet?
Do you want to go to lunch?
What’s for dinner?
These questions are often used to start a conversation about food and eating. Now, let’s look at:
Are you hungry?
We ask this question to see if someone is wanting to eat. The person asking the question may be hungry, themselves. 
The answer to this question is either a “yes” or “no” and maybe a reason why. For example:
Yes, I’m so hungry! Let’s get some takeout!
No, I’m not hungry yet. Let’s wait for dinner.
This is also a “yes” or “no” question. But we use the present perfect tense in this question and the adverb “yet” to talk about the recent past. 
The structure for the question is: An auxiliary or helping verb (be, do, or have) + subject + main verb (past participle).
Have you eaten yet?
The answer to this question can be in the past tense or the present perfect:
Yes, I ate.
Yes, I have just eaten.
No, I haven’t eaten anything yet.
Do you want to go to lunch?
The question is really an invitation to someone to have a meal with you, usually at a restaurant, café, or a fast-food place.
What’s for dinner?
This question is structured differently from a “yes” or “no” question. The structure here is: What + auxiliary verb or helping verb (be, do, or have) + subject (+main verb).
Here, the questioner believes that the person answering the question has already cooked or prepared the meal. The questioner is asking about the food being served.
Other questions can be used during a meal, either at home or at a restaurant. If you offer someone a drink, you can ask:
Would you like a drink?
What do you want to drink?
How about some coffee or tea?
Would you like a drink?
Using “Would you like” to start a question is a polite and more formal way to ask if someone wants to have a drink. If you know the person well enough, you might want to use:
Do you want a drink?
What do you want to drink?
And for a close friend, you can even suggest a drink by saying:
How about some coffee, water, beer...?
The structure for a “how about” phrase is: How about + subject + noun or simple verb.
We can also use a gerund within the structure as well, like in this example:
How about grabbing a drink later?    
And lastly, when we are eating out at a restaurant and it is the end of the meal, we have two important questions:
Do you want to split the bill, check, or tab?
How much should we tip?
The first question is a “yes” or “no” question for splitting the bill or the total cost of the meal. 
In the United States, it is a common practice for individuals to pay for their own meal at a restaurant unless someone else offers to pay. This is called “splitting the bill.”
The second question refers to the practice of tipping in America. 
The tip is a little extra money on top of the bill for food and drinks to pay for services from the food server or bartender at a restaurant. The amount could be anywhere from 15 percent to 20 percent of the total bill.
Today, we learned some common questions that we use to talk about eating.
When offering someone a drink, you can use the structure “would… like” in more formal settings, and the verb “want” for informal ones. 
“How much” questions can be used to talk about the price of a meal or the cost of tipping.
Now it is your turn! What other eating or food expressions, questions, or answers do you know and use in English? Let us know in the comments below or write to us at learningenglish@voanews.com.
I’m Faith Pirlo. And I’m Dan Novak.

译文:
你好!这周的《每日语法》，我们将分享一些关于吃的常用表达。这是一位缅甸英语爱好者提出的问题的第二部分。
Thin Ya Thaw问道:“你能告诉我你日常生活中最有用的表达方式吗?”这对我学习英语有很大帮助。我想学会自然的英语来和别人交流。”
再次感谢你提出的深思熟虑的问题和研究课题，Thin!
在今天的报道中，我们将看一些关于吃喝的问题。
在思考最有用的表达方式时，食物和饮食是第一个出现在脑海里的想法。
美国人不仅根据天气来计划日常活动，他们还根据吃饭来计划一天的生活。
我们把早上的饭叫做breakfast，中午的时候叫lunch。晚上的一顿饭叫做dinner。在周末，我们有时吃晚一点的早餐或早一点的午餐。所以，我们叫它brunch!
我们可以自己做饭，把快餐带回家，或者选择去餐馆吃饭。但是有一些短语是我们用来谈论吃喝的。
现在就让我们来看看其中的几个吧!
你饿了吗?
你吃过饭了吗?
你想去吃午饭吗?
晚餐吃什么?
这些问题通常用来开始关于食物和饮食的对话。现在，让我们来看看:
你饿了吗?
我们问这个问题是为了看看是否有人想吃东西。问问题的人自己可能饿了。
这个问题的答案要么是“是”，要么是“不是”，也许还有一个原因。例如:
是的，我好饿!我们叫外卖吧!
不，我还不饿。我们等晚饭吧。
接下来这个也是一个“是”或“不是”的问题。但是我们在这个疑问句中使用现在完成时和副词yet来谈论最近的过去。
疑问句的结构是:助动词(be、do或have) +主语+主要动词(过去分词)。
你吃过饭了吗?
这个问题的答案可以用过去式或现在完成时:
是的,我吃了。
是的，我刚吃过。
不，我还没吃东西。
你想去吃午饭吗?
这个问题实际上是邀请某人和你一起吃饭，通常是在餐馆，咖啡馆或快餐店。
晚餐吃什么?
这个问题的结构不同于“是”或“不是”的问题。这里的结构是:What +助动词或助动词(be, do, have) +主语(+主动词)。
在这里，提问者认为回答问题的人已经做好了饭。提问者在询问正在供应的食物。
在家里或餐馆吃饭时也可以问其他问题。如果你请某人喝饮料，你可以问:
你想喝点什么吗?
你想喝点什么?
来点咖啡或茶怎么样?
你想喝点什么吗?
用“Would you like”来开始一个问题是询问某人是否想喝一杯的一种礼貌和更正式的方式。如果你很了解这个人，你可以用:
你想喝一杯吗?
你想喝点什么?
对于一个亲密的朋友，你甚至可以这样建议喝一杯:
来点咖啡、水、啤酒怎么样?
“how about”短语的结构是:how about +主语+名词或简单动词。
我们也可以在这个结构中使用动名词，比如下面这个例子:
一会儿一起去喝一杯怎么样?
最后，当我们在餐馆吃饭，快结束的时候，我们会有两个重要的问题:
你想AA吗?
我们应该给多少小费?
第一个问题是关于分摊账单或餐费的“是”或“不是”问题。
在美国，在餐馆吃饭通常都是自己付账，除非有人主动提出付账。这就是所谓的“AA制”。
第二个问题是关于美国给小费的惯例。
小费是在食物和饮料账单上额外支付给餐厅服务员或酒保的服务费。金额可以是总账单的15%到20%不等。
今天，我们学习了一些我们用来谈论吃的常见问题。
当请别人喝饮料时，你可以在更正式的场合使用“would…like”这个结构，在非正式场合使用“want”这个动词。
“多少”的问题可以用来谈论一顿饭的价格或小费的花费。
现在轮到你了!在英语中你还知道和使用哪些关于饮食或食物的表达、问题或答案?请在下面的评论中告诉我们，或者写信给我们learningenglish@voanews.com。
我是费斯皮尔洛。我是丹诺瓦克。