Even

Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from Ester, a reader, about the uses of “even.”
Could you please tell me how to use “even?” Ester
Dear Ester, Thank you for your question.
There are several ways to use the word “even” in American English.
We will start with the use of “even” as an adjective to describe nouns.
One use of “even” as an adjective can mean smooth or not rough.
The table has an even surface that is good for table tennis.
Here, the top of the table is smooth. It is not rough.    
We can use “even” as an adjective to describe something as normal or regular. For example:
The doctor listened to her patient’s even heartbeat.
This statement means that the patient’s heart was beating at a regular speed.
Our last example of “even” as an adjective can be seen in the example below, meaning equal or balanced.
I cut the cake into eight even pieces.
In this final adjective example, the cake is divided into eight equal parts.
“Even” can also be used as an adverb to mean that the information is surprising in either a good way or a bad way. Compare these examples:
I did not even know that she was arriving this weekend!
He even bought me flowers on our first date.
 Both examples show surprise or disbelief to something that was earlier not thought possible.
 And finally, we can use “even” with other adjectives and adverbs to make a statement stronger.
This summer could be even hotter because of climate change.
In this sentence “even” is a comparative adverb making hotter have a more intense meaning.
Please let us know if these examples have helped you, Ester!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo.

译文

你好!在本周的“请教老师”节目中，我们将回答读者艾斯特关于“even”用法的问题。
你能告诉我怎么用“even”吗?艾斯特
亲爱的艾斯特，谢谢你的问题。
在美式英语中，“even”这个词有几种用法。
我们将从“even”作为形容词来描述名词开始。
“even”用作形容词时可以表示平滑或不粗糙。
这张桌子表面平整，适合打乒乓球。
在这里，桌面是光滑的。它不粗糙。
我们可以用“even”作为形容词来描述某事是正常的或有规律的。例如:
医生听了病人平稳的心跳。
这句话的意思是病人的心脏以正常的速度跳动。
我们最后一个把“even”用作形容词的例子可以在下面的例子中看到，意思是平等的或平衡的。
我把蛋糕切成均匀的八份。
在最后一个形容词例子中，蛋糕被分成八等份。
 “even”也可以用作副词，表示该信息令人惊讶，无论是好是坏。 比较这些例子:
我甚至不知道她这个周末会来!
我们第一次约会时，他还给我买了花。
这两个例子都表示对之前认为不可能的事情感到惊讶或不相信。 
最后，我们可以把“even”和其他形容词、副词连用，使陈述更有力。
由于气候变化，今年夏天可能会更热。
在这个句子中，“even”是一个比较级副词，使hot有更强烈的意思。
请让我们知道这些例子是否对你有帮助，艾斯特!
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期内容。我是费斯皮尔洛。