原文

Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from Vietnam.
I am writing because I want to know the difference between "oneself" and "by oneself."
Can you explain it to me?
Thanks a lot.
Bích Tiên, Vietnam.
Thank you for your question!
"Oneself" is a reflexive pronoun. A reflexive pronoun describes the subject of a sentence. We can use it when the subject and the object of the sentence describe the same person. Other reflexive pronouns include myself, yourself, herself, himself, and themselves.
"Oneself" is also a third-person singular pronoun, like herself or himself, but it does not show gender. It can describe a male or female.
Here is an example with "oneself."
A selfie is a picture one takes of oneself.
In this example, the subject of the clause, "one," is taking a picture of "oneself" and no one else. We can see "oneself" is describing the subject.
In American English, "oneself" is formal and rarely appears in everyday speech. It is mostly used in academic writing.
Instead of "oneself," most speakers use "yourself" when talking about another person directly in informal speech.
When working from home, one often talks to oneself.
When working from home, you often talk to yourself.
And now for "by oneself."
"By" is a preposition. Although it has other meanings, when used with a reflexive pronoun, it means alone or without help.
One could carry this television by oneself.
In this sentence, "One" does not need any help to carry the TV. One can do it alone.
We can rewrite this sentence in everyday speech.
You could carry this television by yourself.
Sometimes we use a reflexive pronoun without "by". This usage may have the same meaning as "by" + reflexive pronoun.
You could carry the TV yourself.
I hope these examples have helped you to understand the difference with reflexive pronouns and using "oneself!"
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher.
I’m Faith Pirlo.

译文

你好!在本周的"问老师"节目中，我们将回答一个来自越南的问题。
我写这封信是因为我想知道"myself"和"by myself"的区别。
你能给我解释一下吗?
非常感谢。
碧田,越南。
谢谢你的问题!
"Oneself"是反身代词。反身代词描述句子的主语。当句子的主语和宾语描述同一个人时，我们可以用它。其他反身代词包括 myself、yourself、herself、myself 和 themselves。
"Oneself"也是第三人称单数代词，和myself或myself一样，但不表示性别。它可以用来描述男性或女性。
这里有一个关于"self"的例子。
"A selfie is a picture one takes of oneself."( selfie 是一个人给自己拍的照片)
在这个例子中，从句的主语"one"是给"oneself"拍照，而不是其他人。我们可以看到"oneself"是在描述主体。
在美式英语中，"oneself"是正式的，很少出现在日常口语中。它主要用于学术写作。
在非正式讲话中，大多数说话者在直接谈论另一个人时使用"yourself"，而不是"oneself"。
在家工作时，经常自言自语。
在家工作时，你经常自言自语。
现在轮到"by oneself"了。
"By"是一个介词。虽然它有其他含义，但当与反身代词连用时，它表示"独自的"或"没有帮助"。
One could carry this television by oneself. (一个人可以自己搬动这台电视机。)
在这个句子中，"One"不需要任何帮助来搬运电视。一个人可以独自完成。
我们可以把这个句子改写成日常用语。
You could carry this television by yourself. (你可以自己搬这台电视机。)
有时我们用不带" by "的反身代词。这种用法可能与"by"+反身代词的意思相同。
You could carry the TV yourself. (你可以自己搬电视。)
我希望这些例子能帮助你理解反身代词和使用 "oneself" 的区别!
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件吧: learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期的内容。
我是费斯皮尔洛。