NASA Prepares for New Moon Rocket Launch 
The American space agency NASA is making final preparations to launch a new rocket designed to return humans to the moon.
NASA has described its Space Launch System, or SLS, as the most powerful rocket ever built.
The 98-meter rocket arrived Wednesday at a launch complex at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida.
It took nearly 10 hours for the rocket to make the six-and-a-half kilometer trip to the launch center.
NASA is calling the first launch of the SLS rocket Artemis 1. There will be no crew on the spacecraft during the first mission.
SLS will carry NASA’s Orion spacecraft on a test mission to fly around the moon.
SLS is the first rocket designed to carry both astronauts and supplies on a single mission. It is part of NASA’s Artemis program, which aims to land the first woman and first person of color on the moon.
Artemis has a goal to land American astronauts on the moon no earlier than 2025. It would be the first moon landing by astronauts since NASA’s Apollo 17 mission in 1972.
Currently, NASA is planning for an August 29 liftoff. Three mannequins will be placed inside the crew capsule at the top of the rocket.
They will be connected to a series of sensors designed to measure radiation and movements during the mission.
During the test mission, Orion will aim to travel 450,600 kilometers from Earth, and thousands of kilometers beyond the moon.
NASA said this will be farther than any spacecraft built for humans has ever traveled. The mission is expected to last four to six weeks.
The main purpose of the SLS mission is to test the system for a future flight including astronauts. But the rocket will also be carrying a series of payloads to support science experiments.
Among the payloads will be a CubeSat designed to look for water on the moon’s surface.
CubeSats are small research spacecraft also known as nanosatellites. They provide a low-cost way for scientists, governments and private organizations to carry out space experiments.
NASA calls the CubeSat aboard the SLS Lunar IceCube. It is about the size of a shoe box and weighs 14 kilograms.
While orbiting the moon, Lunar IceCube will use an instrument called a spectrometer to look for and examine lunar ice. A spectrometer is an instrument used to measure atomic and molecular reactions.
NASA has said the search for ice on the moon is important because water is a necessary resource for future exploration activities.
Astronauts could use the ice for drinking water and to cool equipment or make rocket fuel for missions deeper into the solar system.
The space agency said in a recent statement that Lunar IceCube will be seeking data on the absorption and release of water from the regolith: the moon’s rocky and dusty surface. “With Lunar IceCube investigating this process, NASA can map these changes as they occur on the Moon,” the statement said.
The CubeSat will also study the exosphere. The exosphere is the thin, outer area around a planet or satellite object, such as the moon.
NASA says data collected by Lunar IceCube will give scientists a better understanding of how water and other substances behave on the moon. With this information, researchers hope to be able to predict seasonal changes affecting lunar ice that could affect its use as a resource.
I’m Bryan Lynn.

美国宇航局为新的月球火箭发射做准备
美国航天局NASA正在为发射一枚旨在将人类送回月球的新火箭做最后准备。
美国宇航局称其太空发射系统(SLS)是有史以来最强大的火箭。
这枚98米长的火箭星期三抵达佛罗里达州美国国家航空航天局肯尼迪航天中心的发射场。
火箭花了近10个小时才到达6.5公里的发射中心。
美国宇航局将SLS火箭的首次发射称为阿尔忒弥斯1号。在第一次任务期间，飞船上不会有工作人员。
SLS将携带美国宇航局的猎户座飞船执行绕月飞行的测试任务。
SLS是首个在一次任务中同时携带宇航员和物资的火箭。这是美国宇航局阿尔忒弥斯计划的一部分，该计划旨在让首位女性和首位有色人种登陆月球。
阿尔忒弥斯的目标是在2025年之前让美国宇航员登陆月球。这将是自1972年美国宇航局阿波罗17号任务以来，宇航员首次登月。
目前，美国宇航局正计划于8月29日发射。三个人体模型将被放置在火箭顶部的乘员舱内。
它们将被连接到一系列传感器上，用于测量任务期间的辐射和运动。
在测试任务中，“猎户座”的目标是飞行距离地球45.06万公里，以及月球以外数千公里的地方。
美国国家航空航天局表示，这比迄今为止为人类建造的任何宇宙飞船飞行的距离都要远。这次任务预计将持续四到六周。
这次SLS任务的主要目的是为未来的飞行测试系统，包括宇航员。但火箭也将携带一系列有效载荷，以支持科学实验。
其中一个有效载荷将是一个立方体卫星，用于寻找月球表面的水。
立方体卫星是小型的研究航天器，也被称为纳米卫星。它们为科学家、政府和私人组织提供了一种低成本的太空实验方式。
美国宇航局将SLS上的立方体卫星称为月球冰立方。它的大小和鞋盒差不多，重14公斤。
在绕月飞行的过程中，月球冰立方将使用一种名为光谱仪的仪器来寻找和检查月球上的冰。光谱仪是一种用来测量原子和分子反应的仪器。
美国宇航局表示，在月球上寻找冰很重要，因为水是未来探索活动的必要资源。
宇航员可以将这些冰作为饮用水，冷却设备或为深入太阳系的任务制造火箭燃料。
美国航天局在最近的一份声明中说，月球冰立方将从风化层(月球岩石和灰尘的表面)寻找水分吸收和释放的数据。声明称:“随着月球冰立方调查这一过程，美国宇航局可以在月球上发生这些变化时绘制出地图。”
立方体卫星还将研究外逸层。外逸层是行星或卫星物体(如月球)周围的薄的外部区域。
美国国家航空航天局表示，月球冰立方收集的数据将让科学家更好地了解水和其他物质在月球上的行为。有了这些信息，研究人员希望能够预测影响月球冰的季节变化，从而影响其作为一种资源的使用。
我是布莱恩·林恩。