Recently, our readers and listeners wrote many lovely messages about their birthdays. We have been reading all of them.
Most messages are happy. You wrote about gifts you received, the people who celebrated with you, or where and how you celebrated.
Some messages seemed sad. Some of you do not get to celebrate your birthdays. Other messages were a mix of sad and happy.
In this week's Everyday Grammar, we are looking at Farhana’s message about her birthday. She wrote:
My birthday was on last 23 march. This was my 27th birthday. In my birthday no one wished me except my younger sister.
And actually there was no devise for this day. I spent my whole day as like it is a normal day. Sometimes i felt sad and sometimes i wasn't.
Let us start at the beginning. Farhana writes:
My birthday was on last 23 march.
We suggest changing this sentence to the present tense to say when your birthday is.
My birthday is March 23.
In American English, the usual order for dates is month, day, year. So instead of “23 March,” Americans usually say “March 23.”
You used the past tense in this sentence:
This was my 27th birthday.
Another way we can say how old we are, is to use the past tense of the verb “turn.”
I turned 27 this year.
Here, “turn” means to reach or pass into a new age.
Next Farhana wrote this:
In my birthday no one wished me except my younger sister.
We can change the word order of this sentence to make it clearer.
No one wished me happy birthday, except my younger sister.
Instead of a prepositional phrase, “In my birthday,” we can just start the sentence with “No one.”
“No one” is an indefinite pronoun meaning "no person." You could also use the pronoun “nobody.”
Onto the next sentence:
And actually there was no devise for this day.
“To devise” is a verb meaning to plan or think up something. You were close! But in this sentence we need a noun. And we find it in the definition of devise: plan.
Actually, there was no plan for the day.
If you wanted to use the word devise, however, you could! It would come right after “plan” in the sentence.
Actually, there was no plan devised for the day.
Farhana’s next sentence is:
I spent my whole day as like it is a normal day.
We should make a few changes to this sentence.
“As” and “like” are both used to make comparisons between nouns.
“As” is an adverb, and “like” is a preposition. We only need one of these to make the comparison.
We can say:
I spent my whole day like it was a normal day.
Let us look at Farhana’s last sentence:
Sometimes i felt sad and sometimes i wasn't.
We suggest changing this sentence to:
Sometimes I felt sad, but other times I didn’t.
Now the two parts of the sentence agree in verb use.
Also, We always capitalize the pronoun “I” in sentences. We used the conjunction “but” with “other times” only to create more contrast. It is also correct to write:
Sometimes I felt sad and sometimes I didn’t.
Now, let's hear the revised message about Farhana's birthday:
My birthday is March 23. I turned 27 this year. No one wished me happy birthday except my younger sister.
Actually, there was no plan for the day. I spent my whole day like it was a normal day. Sometimes I felt sad, but other times, I didn't.
Thank you for Farhana for your message. We would like to wish you a happy birthday, early, for next year when you turn 28! We hope you enjoy the day.
If you would like to receive advice on American English, write us a short message of 5-8 sentences about your favorite character from a book.
You can describe what the character looks like, their thoughts, actions, what they say, or what other characters think of them.
You can also talk about why you like the character. Send your writing to our email address: learningenglish@voanews.com.
Maybe we will choose your message for a future Everyday Grammar.
I’m Caty Weaver.

译文:
最近，我们的读者和听众写了许多关于他们生日的可爱的信息。我们都读过了。
大多数信息都是快乐的。你写你收到的礼物，和你一起庆祝的人，或者你在哪里以及如何庆祝的。
有些信息似乎很悲伤。你们中的一些人没有机会庆祝自己的生日。其他消息则是悲喜交加。
在本周的《每日语法》节目中，我们来看看Farhana关于她生日的留言。她写道:
我的生日是去年3月23日。这是我27岁的生日。在我生日那天，除了我妹妹，没有人祝福我。
事实上，当时并没有计划。我像平常一样度过了一整天。有时我感到悲伤，有时我不。
让我们从头说起。Farhana写道:
My birthday was on last 23 march.
我们建议把这句话改成现在时，表示你的生日是哪一天。
My birthday is March 23.
在美式英语中，日期的顺序通常是月、日、年。所以，美国人通常不说“23 March”，而说“March 23”。
你在这个句子中使用了过去式:
This was my 27th birthday.
另一种表示我们年龄的方式是使用动词turn的过去式。
I turned 27 this year.
在这里，“turn”的意思是到达或进入一个新时代。
接下来，Farhana写道:
In my birthday no one wished me except my younger sister.
我们可以改变这个句子的词序，使它更清楚些。
No one wished me happy birthday, except my younger sister.
不要用介词短语“In my birthday”，我们可以用“No one”来开头。
“No one”是不定代词，意思是“没有人”。你也可以用代词“nobody”。
下一个句子:
And actually there was no devise for this day.
“devise”是一个动词，意思是计划或想出某事。你很接近了!但是在这个句子中，我们需要一个名词。我们可以在devise的定义中找到它:计划。
Actually, there was no plan for the day.
然而，如果你想使用“devise”这个词，你可以!它会出现在句子中的plan后面。
Actually, there was no plan devised for the day.
Farhana的下一句话是:
I spent my whole day as like it is a normal day.
我们应该对这句话作一些改动。
“As”和“like”都用于名词之间的比较。
“As”是副词，“like”是介词。我们只需要其中一个来进行比较。
我们可以说:
I spent my whole day like it was a normal day.
让我们来看看Farhana的最后一句话:
Sometimes i felt sad and sometimes i wasn't.
我们建议将这句话改为:
Sometimes I felt sad, but other times I didn’t.
现在句子的两个部分在动词用法上一致了。
另外，我们在句子中总是把代词“I”首字母大写。我们用“but”和“other times”连词只是为了制造更多的对比。这样写也是正确的:
Sometimes I felt sad and sometimes I didn’t.
现在，让我们来听听修改后的关于Farhana生日的留言:
我的生日是3月23日。我今年27岁了。除了我妹妹，没有人祝我生日快乐。
事实上，那天没有安排。我像平常一样度过了一整天。有时我感到悲伤，但其他时候，我没有。
感谢Farhana的留言。我们提前祝你生日快乐，明年你就28岁了!我们希望你喜欢这一天。
如果你想获得关于美式英语的建议，给我们写一个5-8个句子的短消息，说说你最喜欢的书中的人物。
你可以描述角色的样子，他们的想法，行为，他们说的话，或者其他角色对他们的看法。
你也可以谈谈你为什么喜欢这个角色。请将您的消息发送到我们的电子邮箱:learningenglish@voanews.com。
也许我们会在将来的《每日语法》中使用你的消息。
我是Caty Weaver。