Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from Katerina in Spain. She writes,
Dear VOA,
I have a question about something my American friend usually says. ~
It is the… expression “a wild card.” What does it mean? Thank you very much for your answer!
Take care!
Katarina
Dear Katerina,
Thank you for writing to us. ~
This expression is like many that come to American English from card games, especially the game of poker.
Each set of playing cards has two extra cards. These can take the place of lost or damaged cards.
These cards are called “Jokers.” They often have a picture of a clown-like person sometimes called a jester.
In some card games, the “Joker” card is dealt to the players along with the usual kinds of cards. ~
It serves as a “wild card” in the game. That means, if you have it in your hand, you can use it as any other card.
Here is an example of how a player might talk about their use of a wild card in a game.
I have three kings and one joker. I’ll use the wild card as a king, so now I have four kings.
But card games are not the only places you will hear the term “wild card.” ~
In sports, we use the expression for a team that is invited to compete for a championship. ~
For example, in American football, the best teams play each other at the end of the season – in a series of games called “playoffs.” ~
A few teams that might not have the best records are invited to play against the top teams. ~
It is possible, if the wildcard team is good enough, that it can win the championship.
Here is an example showing how a wild card team won the championship of American football, the Super Bowl.
In 2007, the New York Giants entered the playoffs as a wild card team, but they went on to beat the New England Patriots and win the Super Bowl.
And, as you can probably guess, we use “wild card” to describe people as well. ~
If a person is unpredictable, you cannot be sure of how they will act. Then you might say:
My brother is a wild card when it comes to holidays – we never know if he is coming to our family dinners.
Finally, in the world of computers, the term “wild card” describes a symbol that programmers use. ~
It looks like a little star and is called an asterisk. It means anything can appear in that place. ~
For example, if you want a computer to find all the words in a document that start with the prefix dis- so you can write a command: “Find dis*.”
The result will be a set of words like these: discover, discuss, dismiss, and the like.
I hope this will help you to understand and even use the expression “wild card” yourself, Katerina. ~
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Jill Robbins.

你好!本周的“有问必答”节目，我们将回答来自西班牙的 Katarina 的问题。她写道,
亲爱的美国之音,
我对我的美国朋友经常说的话有一个问题。～
表达式 "a wild card" 是什么意思?非常感谢您的回答!
保重!
Katarina
亲爱的 Katarina,
谢谢你给我们写信。～
这个表达就像许多来自纸牌游戏的美式英语表达一样，尤其是扑克游戏。
每一套扑克牌都有两张额外的牌。这些可以代替丢失或损坏的卡片。
这些卡片叫做“小丑”。他们经常有一个像小丑的人的照片，有时被称为 jester。
在一些纸牌游戏中，“小丑”纸牌是与普通纸牌一起分发给玩家的。～
它是游戏中的 “wild card”(万能牌)。这意味着，如果你有它在你的手，你可以用它作为任何其他卡牌。
下面是一个玩家如何谈论他们在游戏中使用 “wild card” 的例子。
我有三个k和一个joker。我用 “wild card” 作为k，现在我有4张k。
但卡牌游戏并不是你唯一会听到 “wild card” 这个词的地方。~
在体育运动中，我们用这个表达来形容被邀请去争夺冠军的球队。～
例如，在美式橄榄球中，最好的球队会在赛季末进行一系列的比赛，称为“季后赛”。~
一些可能没有最好记录的球队被邀请与顶级球队比赛。～
如果 wild card 队足够好，它有可能赢得冠军。
这里有一个例子，展示了一支 wild card 球队如何赢得美国橄榄球超级碗的冠军。
2007年，纽约巨人队以 wild card 身份进入季后赛，但他们随后击败了新英格兰爱国者队，赢得了超级碗。
而且，你可能也猜到了，我们也用 “wild card” 来描述人。～
如果一个人是不可预测的，你就不能确定他会怎么做。然后你可以说:
每逢节日，我哥哥总是不知道他是否会来参加我们的家庭聚餐。
最后，在计算机世界中，术语 “wild card” 描述的是程序员使用的符号。～
它看起来像一颗小星星，被称为星号。意思是任何东西都可以出现在那个地方。～
例如，如果你想让计算机找到文档中所有以前缀 dis- 开头的单词，那么你可以写一个命令: “find dis*”。
结果将是一组像这样的单词: discover, discuss, dismiss，等等。
我希望这能帮助你理解甚至使用 “wild card” 这个表达， Katarina 。～
你对美式英语有什么问题?给我们发邮件到 learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期的《有问必答》。我是 Jill Robbins。