Recently, my mother, Ellen died. ~
She lived a very good life. She raised three daughters. She loved art, writing, and travel.
I miss my mom. ~
So, for this week’s Everyday Grammar, I want to share how we can express sympathies, or condolences, when someone experienced the death of their loved one.
In American custom, we want to say that we care. We try to bring them comfort in their time of grief and sadness. ~
We want to be gentle, considerate, and respectful while expressing sympathy.
But how do we do this in American English?
When someone dies, we usually use the phrasal verb pass away. This phrase combines the verb pass with the adverb away. ~
We use this expression to talk about death in a more gentle and respectful way.
When we want to show our sympathy or understanding for the loss of someone, we can use these simple expressions:
I am sorry for your loss.
I was heartbroken by this sad news.
To be heartbroken means that we feel sad or hopeless, almost like our heart hurts when something bad happens. ~
This sentence is in the passive voice. But we can change the sentence into the active voice by saying:
This sad news breaks my heart.
We also use these shorter expressions to describe our sadness:
My heartfelt condolences.
My deepest sympathies.
And we can add verbs and subjects to turn the expressions into complete sentences such as:
Please accept my heartfelt condolences (or my deepest sympathies) for your (or your family’s) loss.
Here, we turn the expression into a respectful command by using the phrase please accept.
To miss someone means that you feel sad and wish that they were still with you.
We use this verb when they are still alive, but we might not be able to see them as often as we would like. ~
But we also use this verb to say that we miss someone if they have passed away:
He/She/They will be missed.
This sentence is in the passive voice and the future tense. ~
In order to show that we currently miss someone, we can use the active voice saying:
I miss her a lot.
She misses her dad every day.
Sometimes, we share happy thoughts about someone who has passed away. For example:
I will never forget when she danced in Rio de Janeiro to her favorite songs.
They will never forget what he did for them.
Sometimes the feeling of loss is so great, that we do not always know what to say. For those times, we do have expressions that we can use, such as:
I am so sorry, but I am at a loss for words.
Words cannot express my sadness for your loss.
Words cannot express my deepest sympathies.
In today’s report, we learned some ways to express our condolences and sympathies to those experiencing the loss of a loved one.
We learned short expressions to share such as my heartfelt condolences and my deepest sympathies. ~
We talked about ways to express how we miss someone. ~
We even looked at a few expressions that we can share when we feel that there are no words to describe the feeling of loss.
I would like to close this report by thanking our readers and listeners over the past few weeks.~
Writing to us or leaving a comment has really meant a lot to me over the past month. I appreciate it so much!
Thank you, and I’m Faith Pirlo.


最近，我的母亲 Ellen 去世了。～
她过着非常好的生活。她抚养了三个女儿。她热爱艺术、写作和旅行。
我想念我的妈妈。～
所以，在本周的《每日语法》节目中，我想和大家分享一下，当亲人去世时，我们该如何表达同情或哀悼。
在美国风俗中，我们希望表达出我们的关心(意义)。我们尝试在他们悲伤和难过的时候给他们带去安慰。～
在表达同情时，我们想表现得温柔、体贴和尊重。
但是在美式英语中我们是怎么做的呢?
当某人去世时，我们通常使用动词短语 pass away。这个短语由动词 pass 和副词 away 组成。～
我们用这个表达来以一种更温和和尊重的方式谈论死亡。
当我们想对失去的人表示同情或理解时，我们可以用这些简单的表达:
我对你失去的感到遗憾。
这个不幸的消息使我心碎。
心碎的意思是我们感到悲伤或绝望，就像当坏事发生时我们的心会痛一样。～
这个句子是被动语态。但是我们可以这样把句子变成主动语态:
这个不幸的消息使我很伤心。
我们也用这些简短的表达来描述我们的悲伤:
表达我最衷心的慰问。
我最深切的同情。
我们还可以添加动词和主语，把短语变成完整的句子，例如:
对于你(或你的家族)的损失(注:指人去世)，请接受我衷心的慰问(或最深切的同情)。
在这里，我们用“请接受”这个短语把这个表达变成一种尊重的命令。
To miss someone 意味着你感到悲伤，你希望他们还在你身边。
我们在他们还活着的时候使用这个动词，但我们可能无法像我们希望的那样经常见到他们。～
但是我们也用这个动词来表示我们想念某人，如果他们已经去世了:
他/她/他们会被怀念的。
这个句子是被动语态和将来时。～
为了表示我们正在想念某人，我们可以用主动语态说:
我很想念她。
她每天都想念她的爸爸。
有时，我们会分享关于去世的人的快乐想法。例如:
我永远不会忘记她在巴西里约热内卢和着她最喜欢的歌曲跳舞的情景。
他们永远不会忘记他为他们所做的一切。
有时失去的感觉是如此强烈，以至于我们总是不知道该说什么。在这时，我们的确有一些可以使用的表达，比如:
我很抱歉，但我不知道该说什么好。
言语无法表达我对你失去亲人的悲痛。
言语无法表达我最深切的同情。
在今天的报道中，我们学习了一些表达我们对失去亲人的人的哀悼和同情的方法。
我们学会了简短的表达方式，如我衷心的哀悼和我最深的同情。～
我们讨论了如何表达对某人的思念。～
我们甚至看了一些当我们感到无法用语言来描述这种失去的感觉时可以分享的表达。
在结束这篇报道之前，我想感谢过去几周以来我们的读者和听众
在过去的一个月里，给我们写信或留言对我来说意义重大。我非常感激!
谢谢，我是 Faith Pirlo。