English’s ‘Mile’ Expressions Are a Mile Long

And now, Words and Their Stories from VOA Learning English.
In the United States, many people use the English system for measuring. 
While some people use the metric system, our idioms and expressions often stick with measurement words from the English system.
Today, we talk about expressions using the word mile. And we have miles and miles of them! That means we have a lot.
For example, if you can run a mile a minute, you can run very fast. 
So, we can use the expression “a mile a minute” to describe people who do things very quickly.
For example, Sarah was very excited about her trip! When she told us about it, she talked a mile a minute. We could barely follow what she was saying!
Here is another example. Sam is a very quick problem-solver. His brain seems to work a mile a minute.
Now, when we talk about running a race, we use both kilometers and miles. 
However, when we use the expression “go the extra mile,” we only use mile. If you run a race that is 10 miles long and you run 11 miles, you have run farther than others and farther than needed.
So, when we go the extra mile, we do more than is asked of us. We do this to prove we are hardworking or dedicated to something. 
For example, many friends were only supposed to collect used books for a literary organization. But Tory went the extra mile; she delivered the books to needy families in the community.
A mile is equal to 1.6 kilometers. That is far enough away that you cannot see, smell, or notice something. Well, at least it should be. 
So, if we say, “I could see that from a mile away,” it means something is very noticeable.
For example, I can spot a liar from a mile away. That means I am very good at detecting people who do not tell the truth. Even if they are a mile from me, I can tell.
If a scent is very strong, you could say you smell it from a mile away. I don’t know what cologne that man was wearing, but I could smell it a mile away.
To be a million miles away is even farther. We often use that expression to mean lost in thought. 
If I am a million miles away, I seem very far away from the those around me.
We can also use it to compare things. 
For example, her goals for her future and her parent’s goals for her future were a million miles apart. The two goals had nothing in common.
Our last expression describes people who are selfish and greedy. They always want more. 
If you give some people a little of something, they will often take a lot. 
I knew a woman who was like that. Every time I "gave her an inch, she took a mile." She always wanted more from the people around her.
And that’s all the time we have for this Words and Their Stories.
If you are listening to VOA Learning English to improve your English, then you are truly going the extra mile. Good job!
Until next time ... I’m Anna Matteo.    

译文
现在是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
在美国，许多人使用英国的测量系统。
虽然有些人使用公制单位，但我们的习语和表达往往坚持使用来自英语单位的量词。
今天，我们来讨论一下mile这个单词的用法。 那么我们拥有 miles 和 miles of 的东西! 就意味着我们有很多这些东西。
例如，如果你能一分钟跑一英里，你可以跑得很快。
所以，我们可以用“a mile a minute”这个表达来形容做事非常快的人。
例如，萨拉对她的旅行非常兴奋!当她告诉我们这件事时，她滔滔不绝。我们几乎听不懂她在说什么!
这是另一个例子。山姆是一个解决问题很快的人。他的脑子好像转得飞快。
现在，当我们谈论跑步比赛时，我们用公里和英里。
然而，当我们使用“go the extra mile”这个表达时，我们只用mile。如果你参加了一场10英里长的比赛，而你跑了11英里，你比其他人跑得更远，也比需要跑得更远。
所以，当我们付出额外的努力时，我们做的比要求我们做的更多。我们这样做是为了证明我们努力工作或致力于某事。
例如，许多朋友只是为一个文学组织收集旧书。但托里走得更远;她把这些书送到社区有需要的家庭。
一英里等于1.6公里。这是足够远的，你看不见，闻不到，或注意到什么。好吧，至少应该是这样。
所以，如果我们说，“I could see that from a mile away”，意思是某事非常明显。
比如，我能在一英里外就认出骗子。这意味着我很擅长发现那些不说实话的人。即使他们离我有一英里远，我也能看出来。
如果一种气味非常强烈，你可以说你从一英里外就闻到了。我不知道那个男人用的是什么古龙水，但我在一英里外就能闻到。
一百万英里远的地方就更遥远了。我们经常用这个表达来表示陷入沉思。
如果我在万里之外，我似乎离我周围的人很远。
我们也可以用它来比较事物。
例如，她对自己未来的目标和她父母对她未来的目标相差十万八千里。这两个目标毫无共同之处。
我们最后一个短语描述的是自私和贪婪的人。他们总是想要更多。
如果你给一些人一点东西，他们往往会索取很多。
我认识一个这样的女人。每次我“给她一英寸，她就拿走一英里”。她总是想从身边的人那里得到更多。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。
如果你听美国之音学习英语来提高你的英语水平，那么你真的是走了额外的一英里。做得好!
下次见……我是安娜·马特奥。