
原文

Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from Yevgen, from Ukraine, about the use of "I beg to differ" and disagreement expressions in American English.
Hello everybody. I would like to know the best disagreeing phrases. How common is the phrase 'I beg to differ' in American English? Best regards,
Yevgen, from Ukraine.
Dear Yevgen, Thank you for your question. 
The expression "I beg to differ" is not commonly used in American English. This British English expression of disagreement is quite formal and extremely polite.
We have several expressions in American English for disagreement. Some are more formal and polite than others. We will take a closer look at a few of those expressions today.
You can use these basic statements for disagreeing: either "I disagree" or "I do not agree." However, sometimes these statements are too strong for certain conversations.
If we disagree with someone in a formal setting or over a sensitive issue, such as politics or beliefs, we sometimes add the following phrases before our basic messages.
"I am afraid I disagree."
"I see your point, but I do not agree."
"I understand what you are saying, but I disagree."
These expressions are used to hedge, or soften, what we say. They are used like a barrier - think of a green bush that surrounds a garden or house - to help protect the receiver of the message. Hedging expressions let the writer or speaker say what they want to say less directly or politely.
When we speak to a close friend or family member, we often use less formal hedge expressions. For example:
Speaker A (Husband): What time should we wake up? Our flight leaves at 9:30 in the morning.
Speaker B (Wife): We should wake up at 4:00 a.m. to arrive at the airport by 6:00 a.m.
Speaker A (Husband): Well, I don’t think so. We will be waiting for a long time!
In this example, speaker B uses the word "well" to hedge or soften the sentence and "I don’t think so" to disagree. This informal expression of disagreement is acceptable since the speakers are close and familiar with each other.
Please let us know if these explanations and examples have helped you, Yevgen!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo.

译文

你好!本周的"问老师"节目中，我们将回答来自乌克兰的叶夫根的一个问题，关于美式英语中"I beg to differ"和不同意见的用法。
你好每一个人。我想知道最好的表达不同意见的短语。"I beg to differ"这个短语在美式英语中有多常见?最好的问候,
Yevgen,从乌克兰。
亲爱的叶夫根:谢谢你的问题。
"I beg to differ"这种表达在美式英语中不常用。这种英式英语表达不同意见的方式非常正式而且非常礼貌。
美式英语中有几个表达不同意见的短语。有些人比其他人更正式和礼貌。我们今天就来仔细看看其中的一些表达。
你可以用这些基本语句来表达不同意:"I disagree"或"I do not agree"。然而，有时这些言论对于某些对话来说太过强烈。
如果我们在正式场合或在政治或信仰等敏感问题上与某人意见不一致，我们有时会在基本信息前加上以下短语。
"恐怕我不同意。"
"我明白你的意思，但我不同意。"
"我明白你的意思，但我不同意。"
这些表达是用来模糊或软化我们所说的话。它们就像一道屏障——想象一下围绕在花园或房子周围的绿色灌木——来帮助保护信息的接受者。模棱两可的表达可以让作者或说话者不那么直接或礼貌地表达他们想说的话。
当我们和亲密的朋友或家人说话时，我们经常使用不太正式的模糊表达。例如:
说话者A(丈夫):我们应该几点起床?我们的航班早上九点半起飞。
发言人B(妻子):我们应该在凌晨4点起床，6点前到达机场。
说话者A(丈夫):嗯，我不这么认为。我们将等待很长一段时间!
在这个例子中，说话者B用"well"这个词来模糊或软化句子，用"I don’t think so"表示不同意。这种表达不同意见的非正式方式是可以接受的，因为说话者彼此关系很亲密，很熟悉。
请让我们知道这些解释和例子是否帮助了你，Yevgen!
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期的内容。我是费斯皮尔洛。