And now Words and Their Stories from VOA Learning English.
Springtime is coming soon to the northern half of the planet. That means signs of green plant life are beginning to show!
Some flowers and trees will start to bloom and some grasses will become more green.
In the United States, many people spend a lot of time and money growing a yard full of weed-free green grass. Even if that area surrounding the house is not used very much, some people still want it to look nice with lots of healthy-looking green grass.
Neighbors can even get competitive over who has the greenest, thickest lawn.
But competing with and comparing ourselves to others is usually not a good idea. In fact, we have an idiom to describe that exact situation.
That idiom is: “The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence.”
This expression describes people who are not happy with their own lives, and they think that someone else – or everyone else – has a better life than they do.
Some might say this idiom describes the human quality of always wanting something different than what you have. Some people are never happy with their own situation. They are never satisfied. They think others have it better or easier than they do. Even if their life is perfectly fine, they still look at others and want what they have.
The idiom also expresses this idea: people often think a different set of conditions would bring them greater happiness. So, we use this idiom to remind people that this is not often the case.
Let’s say you “look over the fence” and see that your neighbor has a new car, a big house, and a good-looking partner. You may want what that neighbor has. But what you may not know is that the new car and big house are making your neighbor poor. And the good-looking partner is actually a mean, unpleasant person.
Let’s listen to a conversation between two friends. Notice how they use a shortened form of the idiom. This is often how you will hear it.
"Did you hear the news about Martin? He’s moving again."
"What? That’s the third time in a year! What’s wrong this time?"
"Well, he visited a friend in Oregon and saw that the guy has got a big house with a big yard, and the city has more farmers’ markets and bike lanes than where he lives now. So now he’s moving out there to start over."
"He did the same thing a few months ago when he visited a friend in California."
"You know Martin. He’s always been a grass-is-always-greener kind of guy."
"Well, hopefully he’ll be happy in Oregon."
"I doubt it."
And that’s all the time we have for this Words and Their Stories. Until next time, I’m Anna Matteo.

这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
北半球的春天即将来临。这意味着绿色植物开始出现了!
一些花和树将开始开花，一些草将变得更绿。
在美国，许多人花了很多时间和金钱在院子里种满了没有杂草的绿草。即使房子周围的区域不怎么被使用，一些人仍然希望它看起来很好，有很多看起来健康的绿草。
邻居们甚至可以竞争谁拥有最绿、最厚的草坪。
但是与他人竞争和比较通常不是一个好主意。事实上，我们有一个习语来描述这种情况。
这个习语是:“篱笆那边的草总是更绿。”
这个短语描述的是那些对自己的生活不满意的人，他们认为其他人或所有人的生活都比自己好。
有人可能会说，这个习语描述的是人类的一种品质，就是总是想要一些与自己现有的不一样的东西。有些人对自己的处境从来就不满意。他们从不满足。他们认为别人比自己过得更好或更容易。即使他们的生活很好，他们仍然会看着别人，想要他们所拥有的。
这个习语也表达了这种想法:人们通常认为不同的条件会给他们带来更大的幸福。所以，我们用这个习语来提醒人们事实并非如此。
假设你“越过篱笆”，看到你的邻居有一辆新车，一座大房子，还有一个漂亮的伴侣。你可能想要那个邻居拥有的东西。但你可能不知道的是，新汽车和大房子正在使你的邻居贫穷。长得好看的搭档实际上是一个刻薄，令人讨厌的人。
让我们听一段两个朋友之间的对话。注意他们是如何使用这个习语的缩写形式的。你经常会听到这样的声音。
“你听说马丁的消息了吗?他又搬家了。”
“什么?这是一年内第三次了!这次怎么了?”
“嗯，他去俄勒冈州拜访一个朋友，看到那个朋友有一所带大院子的大房子，而且这个城市比他现在住的地方有更多的农贸市场和自行车道。所以现在他要搬出去重新开始。”
“几个月前，他去加州拜访一位朋友时也做了同样的事情。”
“你知道马丁。他一直是那种‘草总是绿’的人。”
"希望他在俄勒冈过得开心"
“我对此表示怀疑。”
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。欢迎收看本期节目，我是安娜·马特奥。

Words in This Story
bloom – v. to produce or yield flowers 开花
yard – n. an outdoor area next to a building that is often bordered (as by shrubs or fences) 是一块户外区域, 紧邻建筑物, 通常被灌木或者栅栏围起来
weed – n. a plant that tends to grow where not wanted and to prevent the growth of more desirable plants usually by taking up space 是一类植物的统称, 它们生长在不该长的地方, 占用空间, 阻碍其他植物的生长
lawn – n. ground (as around a house or in a garden or park) that is covered with grass and is kept mowed 指房子周围或者公园周围的草坪, 有人定期修整(不是野草)
idiom – n. an expression that cannot be understood from the meanings of its separate words but must be learned as a whole 是一种表达方式, 相当于中文里的"成语"或者"习语", 例如 "风调雨顺" 是一个 idiom.
fence – n. a barrier (as of wood or wire) to prevent escape or entry or to mark a boundary 是一个障碍, 例如木头篱笆或者绳子栅栏, 用来防止出入或者用来画出边界 
satisfied – adj. pleased or content with what has been experienced or received 对经历的事情或者收到的物品比较满意.
bike lane – n. a division of a road marked off with painted lines, for use by cyclists 自行车道