Italians Debate Which Pizza Is Best 

In Naples, Italy, a debate has begun about the city’s famous traditional food, pizza.
Billionaire Flavio Briatore criticized the low-cost, simple pizzas of Naples. He called them “bricks of dough with a puddle of tomato.”
The kind of pizza that Briatore was criticizing is called the Neapolitan Margherita. It is a simple pizza, made of only dough, tomato sauce, cheese, and basil.
The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) aims to protect cultural arts, including cooking. 
UNESCO considers Neapolitan pizza making, or “Pizzaiuolo,” an “intangible cultural heritage” of Italy. 
That means making pizza is a skill or idea passed from generation to generation and important to Naples, Italy and the world.
Many chefs from Naples reacted to Briatore’s comment with anger. 
Chef Sergio Miccu, president of the Neapolitan pizza maker association, said Briatore had betrayed the pizza’s heritage.
"Pizza has fed entire generations, overcoming...war and cholera," he said.
Gino Sorbillo, one of Italy's most famous pizza chefs, also reacted publicly to Briatore’s comments. 
He served free pizza in front of his family restaurant in central Naples as his answer. He said low-cost pizza could also be very good.
“(Briatore) says that cheap pizza is not good? We make it like this, taste it and tell me what it’s like,” Sorbillo told RTL radio.
Briatore owns restaurants that serve pizza that is very different from the classic Margherita. This pizza comes with many toppings and can cost as much as $68.
Sorbillo suggested that Briatore should let his cooks prepare food next to Neapolitan chefs in his restaurants, "to let his clients, used to gourmet pizza, taste a typical Neapolitan one, in a healthy challenge."
I’m Matthew Caputo.

意大利人争论哪种披萨最好吃

在意大利的那不勒斯，一场关于这座城市著名的传统食物——披萨的辩论开始了。
亿万富翁弗拉维奥·布里亚托雷批评了那不勒斯的便宜又简单的披萨。他称它们为“加了一滩番茄的硬面团”。
布里亚托雷批评的那种披萨叫做那不勒斯玛格丽特披萨。这是一种简单的披萨，只用面团、番茄酱、奶酪和罗勒籽做成。
联合国教育、科学及文化组织(UNESCO)旨在保护包括烹饪在内的文化艺术。
联合国教科文组织将那不勒斯披萨制作或“Pizzaiuolo”列为意大利的“非物质文化遗产”。
这意味着制作披萨是一种代代相传的技艺或理念，对那不勒斯、意大利乃至全世界都很重要。
许多来自那不勒斯的厨师对布里亚托雷的评论表示愤怒。
那不勒斯披萨制造商协会主席、大厨塞尔吉奥·米库表示，布里亚托利背叛了披萨的传统。
“披萨养活了好几代人，克服了……战争和霍乱，”他说。
意大利最著名的披萨大厨之一吉诺·索比罗(Gino Sorbillo)也公开回应了布里亚托雷的言论。
他在位于那不勒斯市中心的自家餐厅门前提供免费披萨，作为他的回答。他说，低成本的披萨也可以很好。
(Briatore)说便宜的披萨不好吃?我们这样做，尝一尝，然后告诉我它是什么样子的，”索比罗告诉RTL电台。
布里亚托雷拥有的餐厅提供的披萨与经典的玛格丽塔披萨非常不同。这种披萨有很多配料，售价高达68美元。
索比罗建议布里亚托利在他的餐厅里，让他的厨师在那不勒斯厨师旁边准备食物，“在这个健康挑战中，让习惯了美食披萨的客户品尝一下典型的那不勒斯披萨。”
我是马修·卡普托。