
Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from Mod, a reader of our website.
Could you please explain to me the difference between “with” and “within?” Thank you, Mod
Dear Mod, Thanks for asking this question!
“With” and “within” are both prepositions. Prepositions describe a relationship to an area, place or time between two nouns.
Let us start with “with!”
“With” has several different uses. And depending on what the situation is, the meaning can change a bit.
The first use of “with” means together.
I went to the café with my friends.
In this sentence, I did not go to the café alone. My friends and I went together.
A second use of “with” describes a close relationship between two nouns, and it means “along,” “nearby” or “among.”
Does that hat go with this shirt?
In this question, the person is asking if the hat and shirt go along together or match.
And a final use of “with,” means being in opposition or against something.
She had a fight with her sister.  
We can see in this sentence that sisters are having a fight or argument. They are against each other.
And now for “within.”
“Within” is also a preposition and is a combination of “with” and “in.”
There are two uses of “within.”
The first use means a period of time. For example, we can say:
The winner of the contest should answer within 2 days.
This sentence means that the winner has 2 days to answer back and no more than 2 days.
The last meaning of “within” describes a relationship between two nouns in an area, space, or limit. It can mean “inside of.”
There are many organs within the body.
This sentence means that inside the body, there are a lot of organs.
The store is within walking distance of my apartment.
This sentence means that the store is close or nearby to my apartment, so I can walk to it.
Please let us know if these examples have helped you.
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher.
I’m Faith Pirlo

你好!在本周的“问老师”节目中，我们将回答一个来自我们网站读者Mod的问题。
你能给我解释一下“with”和“within”的区别吗?谢谢你,莫德
亲爱的莫德，谢谢你问这个问题!
"With" 和 "within" 都是介词。介词描述两个名词之间与某一地区、地点或时间的关系。
让我们从“with”开始吧!
“With”有几种不同的用法。根据情况的不同，这个词的意思也会有所不同。
"with "第一个用法是 "在一起"。
我和我的朋友去咖啡馆。
在这句话里，我并不是一个人去咖啡馆的。我的朋友和我一起去的。
“with”的第二个用法描述了两个名词之间的密切关系，它的意思是“沿着”、“附近”或“在之间”。
那顶帽子和这件衬衫相配吗?
在这个问题中，这个人问的是帽子和衬衫是否相配。
“with”的最后一个用法是指反对或反对某事。
她和姐姐吵了一架。
我们可以在这句话中看到姐妹们在打架或争吵。他们彼此对立。
接下来是“within”。
“Within”也是一个介词，是“with”和“in”的组合。
“within”有两种用法。
第一次使用是指一段时间。例如，我们可以说:
比赛的获胜者必须在2天内回答问题。
这句话的意思是，获胜者有两天的时间回答问题，最多不超过两天。
“within”的最后一个意思描述了一个区域、空间或范围内两个名词之间的关系。它的意思是“内部”。
人体内有许多器官。
这句话的意思是体内有很多器官。
那家商店离我的公寓很近，步行就能到。
这句话的意思是商店离我的公寓很近或很近，所以我可以步行去。
请让我们知道这些例子是否对你有帮助。
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期的内容了。
我是费斯皮尔洛