Hello. In this week’s Everyday Grammar report, we will talk about how to communicate politely in emails, especially when making requests.
Samuel from China recently wrote to us asking about how to communicate more effectively in email.
Thank you, Samuel for suggesting the idea.
Knowing how to express politeness is important, especially if you are emailing in English for a job or school.
Let’s consider a few ways to make our communication by email more polite when making requests.
When writing a request by email, there are several ways to express your politeness.
Turning a command into a question
Instead of making your request as a command, turn the request into a question. Commands or imperatives use the “you” form of a verb to create the command.
Instead of: 
Please meet me at 5 PM.
You could say: 
Do you want to meet me at 5 PM?
Here we use a yes or no question to make the request.
You can make a yes or no question this way: Auxiliary Verb + Subject + Main Verb 
The question permits the receiver a choice which is more polite. The receiver could say “yes” or “no” and provide a reason or suggest a different time to meet.
Use of please
Did you notice anything about the use of “please” in the above examples?
The word “please” was used in the command. And it was not used in the more polite question.
We do not always have to use please to make a polite request. 
Sometimes the use of “please” can come across as too strong or demanding. In email, we do not always pick up on the tone of what is written.
Could you please meet me at 5 PM?
This question may come across as too strong.
Would you like to meet me at 5 PM?
Using “would like” is a polite way to offer and make requests. The use of “please” is not necessary here.
Requests with modals
Modals are verbs that are used to express possibility, ability, or necessity. These include verbs like would, could, will, and can, among others.
You can use modals with your question to make a request. “Could” and “Would” are the more polite forms. “Can” and “will” are still polite, but they are used for requests that are more casual or informal.
Here are some common expressions with modals to make your request:
Could
Could you help me with this?
Do you think you could meet me later next week?
Would
Would you have time to help me?
Would you be able to take me to the store later?
Will
Will you still pick me up from the airport?
Can
Can you get me a coffee if you’re going to the café?
When we use these modals to make requests, the level of politeness is understood because the polite meaning is attached to the modal itself.
Today, we talked about three ways to make our requests more polite. We can turn a command statement into a question. 
We can choose to use or not use “please” when making the request. And we can use modals to help express the request.
Next time we will continue our report about politeness in emails, covering three more ways to make polite requests.
Now it is your turn! Practice politely requesting something using the three ways discussed above. 
For example, you could request a favorite language or grammar subject for us to explore. 
Let us know in the comments below or write to us at learningenglish@voanews.com. We might use your message in a future episode of Everyday Grammar!
I’m Faith Pirlo. And I’m Jill Robbins.

译文:
你好。在本周的《每日语法》节目中，我们将讨论如何在电子邮件中礼貌地交流，尤其是在提出请求的时候。
来自中国的Samuel最近写信给我们，询问如何在电子邮件中更有效地沟通。
谢谢你提出这个想法，Samuel。
知道如何表达礼貌是很重要的，尤其是当你用英语写求职邮件或上学邮件时。
让我们来考虑一下在提出请求时让我们的电子邮件交流更礼貌的几种方法。
当用电子邮件写请求的时候，有几种方式可以表达你的礼貌。
把一个命令变成一个问句:
不要把你的请求当作命令，而是把它变成一个问题。命令或祈使句使用动词的“you”形式来创建命令。
不说:
Please meet me at 5 PM.
你可以说:
Do you want to meet me at 5 PM?
在这里，我们使用是或否问句来提出请求。
你可以这样做一个是或否的问题:助动词+主语+主要动词
这个问题允许接收者选择哪个更礼貌。收信人可以回答“是”或“不是”，并提供一个理由或建议另一个见面的时间。
使用please:
你注意到在上面的例子中" please "的用法了吗?
命令方式中使用了“please”一词。但更婉转的问题方式中没有用到这个词。
我们不必总是用“please”来表示礼貌的请求。
有时“please”的使用会让人觉得过于强烈或苛刻。在电子邮件中，我们并不总是注意所写内容的语气。
Could you please meet me at 5 PM?
这个问题给人的感觉可能太强烈了。
Would you like to meet me at 5 PM?
使用“would like”是提供和提出请求的一种礼貌方式。这里不需要使用“请”。
在请求中使用情态动词:
情态动词是用来表达可能性、能力或必要性的动词。这些动词包括would, could, will和can等。
你可以在问句中使用情态动词来提出请求。“Could”和“Would”是更礼貌的形式。“Can”和“will”仍然是礼貌的，但它们用于更随意或非正式的请求。
下面是一些常用的表达方式，用情态动词来提出请求:
Could
Could you help me with this?
Do you think you could meet me later next week?
Would
Would you have time to help me?
Would you be able to take me to the store later?
Will
Will you still pick me up from the airport?
Can
Can you get me a coffee if you’re going to the café?
当我们使用这些情态动词提出请求时，礼貌的程度是可以理解的，因为礼貌的意思是附加在情态动词本身上的。
今天，我们讨论了三种使我们的请求更有礼貌的方法。我们可以把一个命令语句变成一个疑问句。
在提出请求时，我们可以选择使用或不使用“please”。我们可以用情态动词来帮助表达请求。
下次我们将继续我们关于电子邮件中的礼貌的报道，包括另外三种提出礼貌请求的方式。
现在轮到你了!使用上述三种方法练习礼貌地请求某事。
例如，您可以请求我们探索您最喜欢的语言或语法主题。
请在下面的评论中告诉我们，或者写信给我们learningenglish@voanews.com。我们可能会在未来的《日常语法》节目中用到你的留言!
我信仰皮尔洛。吉尔·罗宾斯报道。