With its white feathers and blue skin, the Bali mynah has been sought after by collectors for more than a hundred years.
Their capture for sale along with land loss on the island of Bali, Indonesia, led to the bird being listed as “threatened” in 1988. 
The International Union for Conservation of Nature moved it to “critically endangered” in 1994. And, by 2001, experts estimated only about six Bali mynahs were living in the wild, with thousands in captivity across the world.
Now, conservationists are hoping to increase the mynah population by working with bird breeders and sellers to release them into the wild.
In the 1980s, an organization now called BirdLife International started to work with the government to launch a breeding program for the birds.
Breeders can seek government permits to breed the birds. 
If approved, they are given mynahs by the government and could keep 90 percent of the baby birds for private sale. 
The remaining birds are released at West Bali National Park, where they will be closely watched by park officials.
Early mynah releases faced problems. 
Some birds were infected with a parasite that often caused death; others were killed by natural predators. 
Illegal hunting also continued — and the national park’s breeding center was even robbed at gunpoint, with nearly 40 birds stolen.
Yet conservation efforts in the last ten years have seen greater success, said Tom Squires of Manchester Metropolitan University.
Squires said, “Bird keepers can still keep birds and follow their hobby without causing real problems for wild populations — which is, I think, a lot better than species going extinct in the world.” To go extinct means to die off completely.
Agus Ngurah Krisna Kepakisan is head of the West Bali National Park. 
He believes the creation and spread of villages around the park have led to a successful breeding program. 
Villagers received help in getting permits and bred Bali mynahs there.
“With the community being the breeders ... they are helping us to take care of the birds that exist in nature,” he said.
Squires noted that there is clear evidence some released birds have produced young ones. 
“So that leads me to believe that the population is certainly self-sustaining to an extent,” he said.
The breeding program’s results can be seen throughout the park, where Kepakisan says 420 Bali mynahs now live.
Conservation efforts have also spread to Tabanan Regency — a three-hour drive from the park. 
The place is a recent release area for Friends of the National Parks Foundation, an Indonesia-based non-profit that works with breeders to release the birds.
I Gede Nyoman Bayu Wirayudha founded the organization and has worked in Bali mynah conservation for years. 
He said, traditionally, communities around conservation areas have thought there is no money to be made from them. 
But the rare birds’ presence will help draw tourists and their money like in other parts of Bali where mynahs have been released.
“You need to give something back to the community so they can feel that conservation gives them benefits,” he said.
Squires hopes the conservation model could be applied to other endangered birds in Indonesia such as the black-winged mynah. 
“For any of the lowland birds affected by the caged bird trade, this is the sort of approach that’s going to be needed,” he said. 
I’m John Russell.



译文

百多年来，有着白色羽毛和蓝色皮肤的巴厘岛八哥一直受到收藏家的追捧。
1988年，在印度尼西亚的巴厘岛，它们被捕获并出售，加上土地流失，导致这种鸟被列为“威胁”。
1994年，国际自然保护联盟(International Union for Conservation of Nature)将其列为“极度濒危物种”。到2001年，专家估计只有大约6只巴厘岛八哥生活在野外，世界各地有数千只圈养八哥。
现在，自然资源保护主义者希望通过与鸟类饲养者和卖家合作，将八哥放归野外，从而增加八哥的数量。
在20世纪80年代，一个现在被称为国际鸟盟的组织开始与政府合作，为鸟类启动一个繁殖计划。
饲养者可以寻求政府许可来繁殖鸟类。
如果获得批准，他们将以政府的价格获得八哥，并可以保留90%的雏鸟供私人出售。
剩下的鸟儿将在西巴厘岛国家公园放生，公园官员将密切关注它们。
早期的八哥发行面临着问题。
一些鸟类感染了一种寄生虫，经常导致死亡;还有一些是被天敌杀死的。
非法捕猎还在继续，国家公园的繁殖中心甚至被持枪抢劫，近40只鸟被盗。
曼彻斯特城市大学的汤姆·斯奎尔斯(Tom Squires)说，过去十年的保护工作取得了更大的成功。
斯奎尔斯说:“鸟类饲养者仍然可以饲养鸟类，并遵循他们的爱好，而不会对野生种群造成真正的问题——我认为，这比世界上物种灭绝要好得多。”To go extinction意为完全灭绝。
Agus Ngurah Krisna Kepakisan是西巴厘岛国家公园的负责人。
他认为，公园周围村庄的创建和传播导致了一个成功的繁殖项目。
村民们得到了帮助，获得了许可，在那里饲养了巴厘八哥。
“社区是繁育者……他们正在帮助我们照顾自然界中存在的鸟类。”
斯奎尔斯指出，有明确的证据表明，一些被放生的鸟类产生了幼鸟。
他说:“这让我相信，人口在一定程度上是可以自我维持的。”
繁殖计划的结果在整个公园都可以看到，Kepakisan说现在有420只巴厘八哥生活在这里。
保护工作也蔓延到了距离公园三小时车程的塔巴南摄政(Tabanan Regency)。
这个地方最近成为了国家公园之友基金会(Friends of The National Parks Foundation)的放生区，这是一家总部位于印尼的非营利组织，与饲养者合作放生这些鸟。
I Gede Nyoman Bayu Wirayudha创立了该组织，并在巴厘岛八哥保护工作了多年。
他说，传统上，保护区周围的社区认为保护区赚不到钱。
但这种稀有鸟类的出现将有助于吸引游客和他们的金钱，就像巴厘岛其他地区释放八哥一样。
他说:“你需要回馈社区，让他们觉得保护环境给他们带来了好处。”
Squires希望这种保护模式可以应用到印尼的其他濒危鸟类，比如黑翅八哥。
“对于任何受笼鸟交易影响的低地鸟类来说,这就是我们需要的方法。” 
我是约翰·拉塞尔。