Scientists Release Picture of Milky Way Black Hole 

On Thursday, scientists released the first image of the very large black hole at the center of our Milky Way galaxy.
The mysterious object – called Sagittarius A* - or SgrA* - is only the second black hole to be imaged.
The University of Arizona’s Feryal Ozel called the black hole “the gentle giant in the center of our galaxy” while announcing the new image.
The international group behind the Event Horizon Telescope, EHT, project released the image. 
The EHT in 2019 revealed the first-ever photo of a black hole that is at the heart of a different galaxy.
Sagittarius A* has 4 million times the mass of our sun and is located about 26,000 light-years from Earth.
A light year is the distance light travels in a year, about 9.5 trillion kilometers.
Black holes are extremely dense. Their gravitational pull is so powerful that nothing, not even light, can escape. As a result, it is difficult to see them.
Project scientists looked for a ring of light around an area of darkness representing the black hole. This is known as the black hole's shadow or silhouette.
The image released in 2019 of the supermassive black hole in a galaxy called Messier 87, or M87, showed a ring of red, yellow and white surrounding a dark center.
The M87 black hole is far more distant and large than Sagittarius A*.
The researchers said that Sagittarius A*, despite being much closer to our solar system than M87, was harder to image.
Lindy Blackburn, an EHT data scientist at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, said "Sagittarius A* is over a thousand times less massive than the black hole at M87, but since it is in our own galaxy it is much closer and should appear just slightly larger on the sky."
The Event Horizon Telescope is a global group of observatories working to study radio sources linked to black holes. 
The project began in 2012 to try to directly observe the immediate environment of a black hole.
There are different kinds of black holes. The smallest are called stellar-mass black holes. Intermediate-mass black holes have more mass. 
And finally there are the supermassive black holes that are at the center of most galaxies. These are thought to appear relatively soon after their galaxies are formed.
Thursday's announcement was made in simultaneous news conferences in the United States, Germany, China, Mexico, Chile, Japan and Taiwan.
I’m John Russell.

科学家发布了银河系黑洞照片

周四，科学家发布了第一张位于银河系中心的巨大黑洞的图像。
这个被称为人马座A*或SgrA*的神秘物体是第二个被拍摄到的黑洞。
亚利桑那大学的Feryal Ozel在公布这张新图像时，称黑洞是“银河系中心温和的巨人”。
Event Horizon Telescope (EHT)项目背后的国际组织发布了这张照片。
2019年的EHT揭示了第一张位于另一个星系中心的黑洞的照片。
人马座A*的质量是太阳的400万倍，距离地球约2.6万光年。
一光年是光在一年内传播的距离，约9.5万亿公里。
黑洞密度极高。它们的引力如此强大，以至于任何东西，包括光，都无法逃脱。因此，很难看到它们。
项目科学家们在代表黑洞的黑暗区域周围寻找一圈光。这被称为黑洞的影子或轮廓。
2019年发布的图像显示，一个名为梅西耶87 (M87)的星系中的超大质量黑洞，一个红、黄、白色的环围绕着一个黑暗的中心。
M87黑洞远比人马座A*大得多。
研究人员表示，尽管人马座A*比M87更接近我们的太阳系，但很难成像。
林迪舞布莱克本,哈佛-史密松天体物理中心的一个过去的数据科学家,说:“人马座A *的质量比M87黑洞的质量小一千倍不止,但由于它是在我们自己的星系,离我们非常近,天空中看起来应该略大一些。”
事件视界望远镜是一个致力于研究与黑洞有关的射电源的全球天文台组织。
该项目开始于2012年，试图直接观察黑洞的直接环境。
黑洞有很多种。最小的被称为恒星质量的黑洞。中等质量黑洞质量更大。
最后是位于大多数星系中心的超大质量黑洞。它们被认为是在星系形成后不久出现的。
星期四，美国、德国、中国、墨西哥、智利、日本和台湾在同时举行的记者会上宣布了这一消息。
我是约翰·拉塞尔。