Describing Your Favorite Character

Think about a time you talked about a favorite character in a book you had read.
Maybe you spoke about the character in a literature class at school.
Or, perhaps, you discussed the character with a friend or in a book group.
How did you do it?
Did you describe what they looked like?
Did you tell what the character did in the story?
Did you talk about why you liked the character?
In today’s Everyday Grammar, we will discuss one of my favorite characters, Mrs. Frisby.
She is from the children’s book, Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH by Robert C. O’Brien.
Mrs. Frisby is a field mouse and a mother.
Her mate, father to their children, has died. Mrs. Frisby needs help moving her family to their summer home.
This week, we will consider a few areas when looking at Mrs. Frisby: the character’s appearance or looks and her thoughts and speech.
In a future Everyday Grammar, we will look at her actions and how other characters think about her.
Often story writers use descriptive language such as adjectives to provide a mental picture of the character’s appearance.
Let us look at how Robert C. O’Brien describes Mrs. Frisby’s appearance:
With her forepaws and sharp teeth she pulled off a part of the husk from the top ear of corn…
Here O’Brien describes Mrs. Frisby’s physical appearance while she is actively seeking food for her children.
“Forepaws” is a compound noun. “Fore” means front in this case. Paws are the animal’s feet.
Mrs. Frisby’s front teeth are described with the adjective “sharp.”
When I think of Mrs. Frisby’s physical appearance, I picture a small, light brown mouse with a white stomach. (There is a photo about Mrs. Frisby)
Another way to describe a character is through the thoughts and feelings of the character and what they say.
In one event, Mrs. Frisby tries to save Jeremy, a crow or black bird who tied himself up in a fence.
The two of them are in discussion.
(Mrs. Frisby) “Why did you pick up the string?”
The crow, who was very young indeed – in fact only a year old – said… “Because it was shiny.”
(Mrs. Frisby) “You knew better...”
“Come down here,” she said. “I’ll get the string off.”
“How?” said the crow…
“Don’t argue. I have only a few minutes...”
Mrs. Frisby is trying to understand how Jeremy got himself tied up in the fence.
To do this Mrs. Frisby uses a wh-question of “why.”
She wants to know the reason why Jeremy is in this situation.
This shows that Mrs. Frisby is very curious and is always questioning.
Mrs. Frisby also uses the imperative or command form in the sentences:
“Come down here…” and “Don’t argue…”
The structure for the imperative or command form is: Base form of main verb (no subject)
We understand the subject of commands to be “you”, but we do not need to write the subject when making the command.
So instead of: “You come down here.” Mrs. Frisby just says, “Come down here.”
Mrs. Frisby’s mothering skills come out as she tries to help Jeremy, so she uses commands to tell Jeremy what to do.
Thoughts of a character are just as important as what they say.
If we know what a character thinks, this can help us understand what motivates the character.
For example, before Mrs. Frisby offers to help Jeremy, we are given some understanding of what she thinks about him.
Birdbrain, thought Mrs. Frisby, and then recalled what her husband used to say: The size of the brain is no measure of its capacity.
Instead of using quotation marks (“…”) that show speech, the author only uses verbs and commas to show what Mrs. Frisby is thinking.
The two verbs are “thought” and “recalled.”
These verbs are used in the past tense to show Mrs. Frisby already had these thoughts and to help with telling the story.
“Thought” is the irregular past tense of “think.”
“Recalled” is the regular past tense form of recall, which means to remember.
Mrs. Frisby thinks that Jeremy is not very smart for getting tied up in the fence.
Then she remembers a saying her husband had about brain power.
In this week’s report we looked at how to describe a character from a book.
We considered how the author uses adjectives to describe Mrs. Frisby’s appearance.
We can think about the character's talks with other characters, like how Mrs. Frisby was questioning Jeremy or how she used commands.
We even looked at her thoughts and memories.
Here is how I would describe Mrs. Frisby so far with what we know about her:
Mrs. Frisby is a small, brown field mouse and mother.
She uses her sharp teeth when finding food for her children.
Although Mrs. Frisby is a curious mouse, she always questions the situation.
She uses her mothering skills to help others in need.
Let’s end this report by continuing our homework assignment.
Use your favorite character from a book.
Try to find where the character is described. What adjectives are used to describe their appearance?
Next, look at where they are speaking. Find those quotation marks. What are they saying?
Find parts in the story where the character’s thoughts are shown. What are they thinking or remembering?
Write these sections down and send them to us at learningenglish@voanews.com.
We may use your writing in a future report of Everyday Grammar.
I’m Faith Pirlo. I'm Andrew Smith. And I'm Jill Robbins.

描述你喜欢的角色

想一下你谈论你读过的书中最喜欢的人物的时候。
也许你在学校的文学课上谈到过这个人物。
或者，你可能和朋友或读书小组讨论过这个角色。
你是怎么做到的?
你描述过他们的样子吗?
你说过这个角色在故事里做了什么吗?
你说过你为什么喜欢这个角色吗?
在今天的《每日语法》中，我们将讨论我最喜欢的角色之一，Frisby夫人。
她出自 Robert C. O’Brien 的儿童读物 《Frisby 太太和 NIMH 的老鼠》。
Frisby太太是一只田鼠，也是一位母亲。
她的伴侣，他们孩子的父亲，已经去世了。Frisby 太太需要帮助好把她的家人搬到避暑别墅。
这周，我们将在观察Frisby夫人时考虑几个方面:角色的外貌和她的思想和言语。
在未来的《每日语法》节目中，我们将探讨她的行为以及其他角色是如何看待她的。
故事作者通常使用描述性语言，如形容词，以提供人物外貌的心理画面。
让我们来看看 Robert C. O’Brien 是如何描述Frisby太太的外表的:
它用前爪和锋利的牙齿从玉米穗上扯下一部分谷壳。
在这里，O’Brien 描述了 Frisby 夫人积极为她的孩子寻找食物时的外貌。
“Forepaws”是一个复合名词。“Fore”在这里的意思是前面。爪子是动物的脚。
Frisby太太的门牙用形容词“锋利”来形容。
当我想到 Frisby 太太的外表时，我的脑海里就会浮现出一只浅棕色的小老鼠，肚子是白色的。(有一张Frisby太太的照片)
描述角色的另一种方式是通过角色的想法和感受以及他们所说的话。
在一个事件中，Frisby 夫人试图拯救 Jeremy，一只把自己绑在栅栏的乌鸦或黑色的鸟。
他们两人正在讨论。
(Frisby 太太)“你为什么拿起绳子?”
那只乌鸦确实很年轻——实际上只有一岁——说:“因为它很闪亮。”
(Frisby 太太)“你最好知道……”
“下来，”她说。“我来把绳子解开。”
“你?”乌鸦说……
“别吵了。我只有几分钟的时间……”
Frisby 太太想弄明白 Jeremy 是怎么被绑在栅栏里的。
为了做到这一点，Frisby 太太用了“为什么”的wh疑问句。
她想知道 Jeremy 陷入这种境地的原因。
这说明 Frisby 太太很好奇，总是问问题。
Frisby 夫人也在句子中使用祈使句或命令形式:
“下来……”和“别吵了……”
祈使或命令形式的结构是:主动动词的基本形式(无主语)
我们将命令的主语理解为“you”，但在执行命令时不需要编写主语。
所以与其说:“你下来。”Frisby 太太只是说:“下来。”
Frisby 夫人的母亲本能在她试图帮助杰里米时显现出来，所以她用命令告诉杰里米该做什么。
人物的思想和他们所说的话一样重要。
如果我们知道角色在想什么，这就能帮助我们理解角色的动机。
例如，在 Frisby 夫人提出帮助杰里米之前，我们了解了她对他的看法。
Frisby 太太想，她接着想起她丈夫常说的话:大脑的大小并不能衡量它的能力。
作者没有使用引号(“…”)来表示言语，而是只用动词和逗号来表示 Frisby 夫人在想什么。
这两个动词是“thought”和“recall”。
这些动词用过去时来表示 Frisby 太太已经有了这些想法，并有助于讲述故事。
“Thought”是“think”的不规则过去时。
"Recalled"是recall的一般过去时形式，意思是记住。
Frisby 太太认为杰里米被拴在篱笆里不是很聪明。
然后她想起了她丈夫关于脑力的一句话。
在本周的报道中，我们学习了如何描述书中的人物。
我们考虑了作者如何使用形容词来描述 Frisby 夫人的外貌。
我们可以想象这个角色和其他角色的对话，比如 Frisby 夫人是如何询问杰里米的，或者她是如何使用命令的。
我们甚至查看了她的思想和记忆。
根据我们对 Frisby 太太的了解，以下是我对她的描述:
Frisby 太太是一只棕色的小田鼠妈妈。
她用锋利的牙齿为孩子们寻找食物。
虽然 Frisby 太太是一只好奇的老鼠，但她总是对情况提出疑问。
她用母亲的技能帮助有需要的人。
让我们继续我们的家庭作业来结束这个报告。
用一本书中你最喜欢的角色。
试着找出描述人物的地方。用什么形容词来描述他们的外表?
接下来，看看他们在哪里说话。找到那些引号。他们在说什么?
在故事中找出人物思想表现的部分。他们在想什么，在记什么?
把这些部分写下来，发送到learningenglish@voanews.com。
我们可能会在《每日语法》未来的报道中用到你的文章。
我是 Faith Pirlo. 我是 Andrew Smith. 我是 Jill Robbins。