Hello! This week we answer a question from Sajador.
I have a question about when we use “in,” “on” and “at.” I don't know when to use them.
Thank you.  Sajador.
Dear Sajador,
Thank you for writing to us.
These little words cause a lot of trouble for English learners. They are called prepositions. ~
One purpose of prepositions in English is to show the relationship between two or more things in time or place. ~
These three words do follow some basic rules. It may be easier to think of them separately. Let's begin with location, or place.
The first rule is to think of whether the place is general or exact. Here is an example of a general place, a city:
I live in Washington, DC.
We use “in” with cities, countries, neighborhoods, and places with a clear boundary or dividing line. Now, let us add some detail with our next example:
I live on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington, DC.
This shows that you can use “on” for streets. We are moving from the general - a city - to a more specific location - a street. ~
If we add the intersection, or cross street, we are adding more detail, that is, we are talking about an exact location and we must use “at.”
I live at the corner of 16th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington, DC.
Now you know the exact place the speaker lives and can guess that it might be the U.S. President, who lives at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue!
When you want to talk about a time something happens, you can also use “in,” “on,” and “at.” I have a friend who is getting married soon. I can begin talking about the event this way.
Caroline’s wedding is in September.
I use “in” because this is general information. Use “in” for months, years, and parts of days, such as morning or afternoon. Getting more specific, I can use “on” and the day of the week.
Caroline’s wedding is on Saturday, September 24.
Finally, we can add the time, and use “at.”
Caroline’s wedding is on Saturday, September 24 at 1:00 pm.
I hope this helps you to use these little words with more confidence, Sajador. Just remember them in order (in-on-at) and that they help you go from general to exact information.
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Jill Robbins. And I’m Andrew Smith.

译文:
你好!本周我们回答一个来自Sajador的问题。
我有一个关于我们什么时候使用“in”、“on”和“at”的问题。我不知道什么时候用。
谢谢你。Sajador。
亲爱的Sajador,
谢谢你给我们写信。
这些小词给英语学习者带来了很多麻烦。它们被称为介词。～
英语中介词的一个目的是表示两个或多个事物在时间或地点上的关系。～
这三个词确实遵循一些基本规则。分开考虑它们可能更容易。让我们从地点开始。
第一个规则是考虑这个地点是一般的还是精确的。这有个"一般地点"的例子，一个城市:
我住在华盛顿特区。
我们用“in”来表示城市、国家、社区和有明确边界或分界线的地方。现在，让我们为下一个例子添加一些细节:
我住在华盛顿特区的宾夕法尼亚大道。
这表明你可以用“on”来表示街道。我们正在从一般的城市转移到更具体的地点——一条街道。～
如果我们添加了十字路口，我们就添加了更多的细节，也就是说，我们谈论的是一个确切的位置，我们必须使用“at”。
我住在华盛顿特区的第16街和宾夕法尼亚大道的拐角处。
现在你知道说话人住的确切地点了，而且可以猜出他可能是美国总统，他住在宾夕法尼亚大道1600号!
当你想谈论某事发生的时间时，你也可以用“in”、“on”和“at”。我有个朋友很快就要结婚了。我可以这样开始谈论这件事。
卡罗琳的婚礼在九月。
我用“in”是因为这是一般信息。使用“in”几个月，几年，或一天中的一部分，如上午或下午。更具体地说，我可以用“on”和星期几。
卡罗琳的婚礼在9月24日，周六。
最后，我们可以加上时间，用“at”。
卡罗琳的婚礼将在9月24日周六下午1点举行。
我希望这能帮助你更自信地使用这些单词，Sajador。只要记住它们的顺序(in-on-at)，它们可以帮助你从一般信息到确切信息。
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期节目内容。我是Jill Robbins。我是Andrew Smith。