And now, Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
On today’s show, we go into the home! We talk about a common object that gives us some useful expressions.
That object is a rug. Rugs are floor coverings that serve many purposes in a home. They add color and style to a room. They protect the floor. 
Rugs can make a home more comfortable and quiet. They can also make a slippery floor safer to walk on.
But since they are on the floor, rugs can trap a lot of dirt. 
When we clean the floor, it is a good idea to remove the rugs first. This way, you can sweep away all the stuff that gets trapped under it.
But if you don’t have time or are feeling a little lazy, you can always clean the floor quickly and just sweep around the rug. The dirt under the rug cannot be seen. It’s like it's not there.
And that brings us to our first expression: “to sweep something under the rug.”
When we “sweep something under the rug,” we try to hide something. 
What kinds of things do we try to hide? Things that are illegal, unethical, embarrassing, or just wrong.
For example, the corrupt politician won re-election because he swept all his failures and dirty dealings under the rug.
Here is another example:
Before meeting her new boyfriend’s family, my friend carefully and completely swept all her past mistakes under the rug. She wanted a fresh start. She decided to keep her complex past hidden.
You might also hear someone say “brush something under the rug.” The word “brush” in this case means to clean something off.
Now, as we said earlier, one purpose of a rug it to make the floor safer. But there are also ways that a rug can be dangerous. 
If someone pulls a rug out from under your feet, you most likely would fall. And you could get hurt.
So, when we “pull the rug from under someone's feet,” we put that person in a difficult and unexpected situation. We suddenly take away support or help from them.
For example, I felt like someone had pulled the rug out from under my feet when I found out my apartment building was being torn down. I had only one week to find a new place to live!
You can also say, “to pull the rug out from under someone.” It means the same thing.
We finish today’s program not with another expression but with a joke.
As we discussed earlier, a rug covers and protects the floor. But the word “cover” has many meanings. 
“Cover” can also mean to give protection or to pay for something. 
So, let’s say I go out to dinner with a friend and she forgets money. I can say, “I have money. I’ve got this covered.” That means I will pay.
Here is another example:
Some home insurance policies do not cover flood damage. The policies do not protect against high water damage.
Knowing that definition of “cover” helps you understand this joke.
Once there was an old floor in an old house. It learned that the owner of the house wanted to put in a new floor. 
The floor cried and cried about the bad news. Hearing the floor crying, the rug wanted to make the floor feel better. So, what did the rug say to the floor?
“Don’t worry. I’ve got you covered.”
That joke is a pun on the word “cover."
And that’s all the time we have for this Words and Their Stories. Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo.   

译文:
这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
在今天的节目中，我们走进家庭!我们谈论一个常见的物体，它给了我们一些有用的表达。
那件东西是地毯。地毯是在家里有很多用途的地板覆盖物。它们为房间增添色彩和风格。它们保护地板。
地毯可以使家更舒适、更安静。它们还可以使滑滑的地板更安全。
但由于它们在地板上，地毯可以吸附很多污垢。
当我们打扫地板时，最好先把地毯拿掉。这样，你就可以把困在它下面的所有东西都清扫掉。
但是如果你没有时间或者感觉有点懒，你可以很快地打扫地板，只需要扫一扫地毯。地毯下的泥土看不见。就像它不存在一样。
这就引出了我们的第一个短语:“to sweep something under the rug。”
当我们“sweep something under the rug”时，我们试图隐藏一些东西。(清除地毯下面的污垢, 这里的污垢指的是"不光彩的事情")
我们试图隐藏什么样的事情?违法的，不道德的，尴尬的，或者错误的事情。
例如，那个腐败的政客赢得了连任，因为他把所有的失败和肮脏的交易都掩盖了起来。
下面是另一个例子:
在见她新男友的家人之前，我的朋友小心翼翼地彻底掩盖了她过去所有的错误。她想要一个新的开始。她决定隐藏自己复杂的过去。
你可能还会听到有人说“brush something under the rug”。在这种情况下，“brush”这个词的意思是清洁某物。
就像我们之前说的，地毯的一个目的是让地板更安全。但地毯也有危险的地方。
如果有人从你脚下拉出一块毯子，你很可能会摔倒。你可能会受伤。
所以，当我们“pull the rug from someone's feet”的时候，我们把那个人置于一个困难和意想不到的境地。我们突然从他们那里拿走了支持或帮助。
例如，当我发现我的公寓大楼要被拆除的时候，我感觉好像有人把我脚下的地毯给拔了。我只有一个星期的时间去找一个新地方住!
你也可以说“to pull the rug out from someone”。意思是一样的。
我们结束今天的节目不是用另一个短语而是用一个笑话。
正如我们前面讨论的，地毯覆盖并保护地板。但是“cover”这个词有很多意思。
Cover也可以指给予保护或支付某物。
比如说，我和一个朋友出去吃饭，她忘记带钱了。我可以说:“我有钱。我已经搞定了。”这意味着我会付钱。
下面是另一个例子:
有些房屋保险不包括洪水损失。这些政策不能防止严重的水害。
了解“封面”的定义有助于你理解这个笑话。
从前，在一座老房子里有一层旧地板。它了解到房子的主人想换一层新地板。
听到这个坏消息，地板上的人哭个不停。听到地板在哭泣，地毯想让地板感觉好一些。那么，地毯对地板意味着什么呢?
“别担心。我来掩护你。”
这个笑话是"cover"的双关语
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。欢迎收看下期节目，我是安娜·马特奥。