Inflicting Confusion: Afflict v. Inflict

Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from Ray in Hong Kong about the difference between two very similar sounding words “afflict” and “inflict.”
Hello VOA Learning English,
What is the difference is between “afflict” and “inflict?”
Thank you,
Ray from Hong Kong
Thank you, Ray, for writing to us!
These two words are often confused. Not only do they sound the same — especially in fast speech — but they also have very similar meanings.
Both of these verbs can mean, “to cause harm or to bring pain to.” ~
However, their correct use depends on who or what is doing the action and who or what is affected by the action.
The verb “inflict” takes a direct object. But that direct object is usually the harm that someone is suffering. For example:
Paper cuts always inflict much more pain than you expect.
Here the object of “inflict” is the pain from the paper cut.
We often use a prepositional phrase starting with “on” to tell who is suffering the harm. For example,
The war inflicted suffering on the people.
“Inflict” can also mean, “to impose” or “force.”
His job inflicts a lot of pressure on him, as he works very long days.
I do not want to inflict my bad mood on you, so I'm going to stay home.
Let us move on to “afflict!”
The verb, “afflict,” also means, “to cause harm to.” But the direct object of “afflict” is often the sufferer.
COVID still afflicts many at-risk populations.
Water-borne diseases sometimes afflict flood survivors.
If “afflict” is used in the passive voice, we often use the preposition “with” followed by the cause of the harm.
For example:
She was afflicted with depression for many months before asking for help.
My cat was afflicted with extreme sickness after he ate an insect.
Let’s review these two verbs.
For “inflict”:
Someone or something inflicts harm, pain or damage on something else.
For “afflict”:
Something, like an illness, afflicts someone. In the case of the passive voice, someone is afflicted with something that causes harm — like an illness.
Please let us know if these explanations have helped you, Ray!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo.


你好!本周的“有问必答”节目中，我们将回答来自香港的Ray提出的一个问题，关于两个发音非常相似的单词 “afflict” 和 “inflict” 之间的区别。
你好，美国之音慢速英语，
“afflict” 和 “inflict?” 有什么区别?
谢谢你！
来自香港的 Ray
谢谢你，Ray，给我们写信!
这两个词经常被混淆。它们不仅听起来一样——尤其是在语速快的时候——而且含义也非常相似。
这两个动词都可以表示“造成伤害或带来痛苦”。”~
然而，它们的正确使用取决于谁或什么在做动作，以及谁或什么受到动作的影响。
动词“inflict”带直接宾语。但这个直接宾语通常是某人所遭受的伤害。例如:
被纸割伤造成的疼痛总是比你想象的要严重得多。
这里“inflict”的对象是被纸割伤的疼痛。
我们经常使用以“on”开头的介词短语来说明谁正在遭受伤害。例如,
战争给人民带来苦难。
“inflict”也可以指“impose”或“force”。
他的工作给了他很大的压力，因为他每天工作很长时间。
我不想把我的坏心情强加给你，所以我打算呆在家里。
让我们继续说 “afflict!”
动词 “afflict” 也有 “造成伤害” 的意思。但是 “afflict” 的直接宾语往往是受难者(承受疼痛或不幸的人)。
COVID仍然困扰着许多处于风险中的人群。
水传播的疾病有时会折磨洪水幸存者。
如果“afflict”用在被动语态中，我们通常使用介词“with”，后面跟着伤害的原因。
例如:
在寻求帮助之前，她被抑郁症折磨了好几个月。
我的猫吃了一只昆虫后，病得很厉害。
让我们复习一下这两个动词。
“inflict”:
某人或某物对其他事物造成伤害、痛苦或损害。
“afflict”:
某事，如疾病，折磨着某人。在被动语态的情况下，某人受到了造成伤害的东西的折磨，比如疾病。
请让我们知道这些解释是否对你有帮助，Ray!
你对美式英语有什么问题?给我们发邮件到learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期内容。我是 Faith Pirlo。

confused – adj. to be uncertain or unable to understand something

impose – v. to establish; to bring about as if by force

mood – n. the way someone feels at a particular time