Use a Sledgehammer to Crack a Nut 
And now, Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
There are many kinds of nuts. There are walnuts, almonds, hazelnuts, cashews, and pistachios – just to name a few.
Nuts are good for you. And they come in their own very hard shell. 
So, let’s say you want to eat a walnut but do not have a nutcracker. (A "nutcracker" is a tool to open, or crack, the hard shell of a nut.)
Without a nutcracker, you might try to open it with something like a hammer or even a sledgehammer.
We use a hammer in building jobs to attach pieces of wood with nails. 
And we use a sledgehammer to break up rocks, tear down walls, or destroy things. 
A sledgehammer is so big and heavy that most people need to use both hands to raise it.
So, if you use a sledgehammer to crack a nut, you will probably destroy the nut inside. 
Then you will have nothing to eat but very small pieces of nut mixed with its hard shell. Not good.
In American English, this expression means someone uses more force than is necessary. 
We also use it to describe problem-solving methods that are extreme. The methods are excessive. And in using such over-the-top, or extreme, measures, you can harm your own cause.
For example, a store owner called the police to report a “violent person” who was threatening employees and holding him hostage. 
When the 20 police officers arrived to the store, the “violent person” turned out to be an 80-year-old woman who was unhappy about a purchase and refused to leave.
The police captain probably would have said something like this: “Her? I brought 20 police officers for her? That’s like using a sledgehammer to crack a nut!” 
And the store owner would possibly be fined for calling in a false report.
Sometimes we use this expression to describe a punishment that is over-the-top or does not fit the severity of the crime.
Let’s say a child disobeyed his parents and ate ice cream before a meal. The father punished his child by taking away his food for three days! 
That is definitely using a sledgehammer to crack a nut. In other words, the punishment does not fit the crime.
Sometimes this expression means the solution to a small problem is overly complex.
For example, once at a bookstore, too many people showed up for an event. They had to wait in long lines and some could not get into the store to speak with the writer. 
So, now the bookstore asks people who come to events to sign three forms saying they understand they may have to wait and may not get in. Talk about using a hammer to crack a nut. 
Please note. When using this expression, we sometimes say “hammer” instead of “sledgehammer.” A hammer may be smaller, but the damage is still the same.
And that’s all the time we have for this Words and Their Stories. Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo.   

用大锤敲坚果
这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
坚果有很多种。有核桃、杏仁、榛子、腰果和开心果——只是举几个例子。
坚果对你有好处。它们有自己坚硬的外壳。
假设你想吃核桃，但没有胡桃钳。(“胡桃钳”是一种打开或敲开坚果硬壳的工具。)
如果没有胡桃钳，你可以尝试用锤子或大锤之类的东西打开它。
在建筑工作中，通过锤子, 我们用钉子固定住木头。
我们用大锤砸石头、拆墙或破坏东西。
大锤又大又重，大多数人需要用双手才能举起它。
所以，如果你用大锤敲开坚果，你可能会破坏里面的坚果。
然后你就没有东西吃了，只有很小的坚果和坚硬的外壳。不好的。
在美式英语中，"use a sledgehammer to crack a nut" 这个表达的意思是某人使用了超过必要的武力。
我们也用它来描述极端的解决问题的方法。方法过度了。在使用这种过分或极端的措施时，你可能会损害你自己的动机。
例如，一个商店老板打电话给警察，报告说有一个“暴力的人”威胁员工，并把他扣为人质。
当20名警察赶到商店时，发现“暴力的人”是一名80岁的老妇人，她对购物感到不满，拒绝离开。
警察队长可能会这样说:“她?我给她带了20个警察?这就像用大锤砸坚果一样!”
店主可能会因为谎报而被罚款。
有时我们用这个表达来描述过分的惩罚或不符合罪行的严重性。
假设一个孩子不听父母的话，饭前吃了冰淇淋。父亲惩罚孩子三天不给他食物!
这绝对是用大锤砸坚果。换句话说，惩罚与罪行不符。
有时，这个表达意味着小问题的解决方案过于复杂。
例如，有一次在书店，太多人参加一个活动。他们不得不排很长的队，有些人无法进入商店与作家交谈。
所以，现在书店要求前来参加活动的人签署三份表格，表示他们明白自己可能需要等待，可能进不去。说到用锤子敲开坚果。
请注意。当使用这个表达时，我们有时会说“hammer”而不是“sledgehammer”。锤子可能更小，但伤害仍然是一样的。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。欢迎收看下期节目，我是安娜·马特奥。