And now Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
Today we go out to the ballpark … the baseball park!
We talk about an expression from the sport of baseball but now means so much more.
Inside baseball is something that is known or understood only by a small group of people. ~
Sometimes inside baseball describes a subject that has too many uninteresting details. ~
So, most people do not understand it or even want to understand it.
We commonly use this expression with subjects like politics, science, or finance.
For example, some urban voters are not interested in the inside baseball of constitutional reform. ~
But, they still might support reforms promising good schools, safe neighborhoods, and jobs.
Here is another example. Many people would consider the yearly earnings reports of major companies as inside baseball information. ~
The reports would not be of interest to them. But to investors such reports are important. These insiders need the information.
On its website, Merriam Webster online dictionary explains how this phrase began back in the 1890s.
To score in baseball, a player needs to land on first, second, and third bases before reaching home plate. That is where the player scores. ~
One way to do this is to hit a home run. The player hits the ball so far that the other team cannot get it. ~
Then, the batter and anyone else on a base moves forward all the way to home. ~
That big hit will always please the crowd!
But most hits are not home runs. ~
Most batters hit balls inside the field and move around the bases as other batters take their turns hitting.
This can include also very short hits called bunts, where the bat touches the ball lightly to keep it infield. ~
There are also stolen bases -- when runners take a next base usually as the other team is pitching to a batter.
These are part of a long list of skills, tools, and possible plays used to play competitive baseball. ~
This kind of play is called inside baseball. ~
It is not an obvious type of scoring, especially when compared the dramatic homerun.
“Inside” is also featured in other popular terms in American English.
An inside joke, for example, is a joke that only a few people understand. ~
With inside jokes, we often say this to those who don’t understand: “You had to be there.”
Insider knowledge is also things understood by a special few. ~
Let’s say you want to work at a company and you have insider knowledge about it. ~
Maybe you know people who work there or their product line. ~
This insider knowledge may give you an advantage over others.
An inside track is a good position in a situation. It comes from racers on a circular track. ~
The runners on the inside may have an advantage. ~
Here’s how to use it: She seems to have an inside track at the university. She knows everyone!
And finally, an inside job is something done with the help of someone inside an organization. ~
The term, however, is usually used in connection with a crime. ~
If police think a bank robbery was an inside job, for example, they would probably question all who work at the bank.
And that’s all the time we have this Words and Their Stories. Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo.


这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
今天我们要去球场，棒球场!
我们谈论一个来自棒球运动的表达，但现在有了更多的含义。
Inside baseball 是只有一小部分人知道或理解的东西。～
有时Inside baseball描述一个主题有太多无趣的细节。～
所以，大多数人不理解它，甚至不想理解它。
我们通常在政治、科学或金融等主题中使用这个表达。
例如，一些城市选民对宪法改革的内幕不感兴趣。～
但是，他们仍然可能支持承诺良好学校、安全社区和就业的改革。
这里还有一个例子。许多人会认为大公司的年度收益报告是Inside baseball信息。～
他们对这些报告不感兴趣。但对投资者来说，这样的报告很重要。这些内部人士需要这些信息。
韦氏在线词典在其网站上解释了这个短语是如何在19世纪90年代出现的。
在棒球比赛中，要得分，球员需要在到达本垒之前先跑过一垒、二垒和三垒上。这就是玩家得分的地方。～
其中一种方法是打一个本垒打。这个球员把球击得太远，以至于对方无法接住。～
然后，击球手和垒上的任何人都向前移动到本垒。～
本垒打总是会让观众高兴的!
但大多数击球都不是本垒打。～
大多数击球手在球场内击球，当其他击球手轮流击球时，他们在垒内移动。
这也可以包括非常短的击球，称为短打，在短打中，球棍轻轻触球以保持内场。～
还有偷垒——当另一队正向击球手投球时，跑垒者获得下一个垒。
这些都是一长串的技能，工具，和可能的游戏用于打竞技棒球的一部分。～
这种类型打法叫做inside baseball。～
它不是一种明显的得分方法，特别是与戏剧性的本垒打相比。
在美式英语中，“Inside”也出现在其他流行词汇中。
例如，一个内涵笑话，是一个只有少数人理解的笑话。～
对于内涵笑话，我们经常对那些不理解的人说:“你必须在那里。”
内幕消息也是指少数人所理解的东西。～
假设你想在一家公司工作，而且你对这家公司有内幕消息。～
也许你认识在那里工作的人或他们的生产线。～
这些内幕消息可能会让你比别人更有优势。
内线是在某种情况下的有利位置。它来自环形赛道上的选手。～
内线的选手可能有优势。～
下面是如何使用这个短语:她似乎在大学里有一条内线。她认识所有人!
最后，内部工作是指在组织内部人员的帮助下完成的事情。～
然而，这个词通常与犯罪有关。～
例如，如果警方认为一起银行抢劫案是内部作案，他们可能会询问所有在银行工作的人。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。下次见，我是 Anna Matteo。