Study Shows Dog Personalities Not Related to Breed

A new study has found that all dogs have different personalities – even dogs of the same breed.
Elinor Karlsson studies genetics at the University of Massachusetts. She co-wrote a report about the study, which appeared recently in the publication Science.
Karlsson said, “Every dog really is an individual.”
Karlsson noted there is “a huge amount of variation” even between dogs that look the same.
At a New York dog park, dog owners told The Associated Press about the different characteristics of their pets.
Elizabeth Kelly owns an English springer spaniel. She called her dog friendly, but also “kind of the queen bee.” In other words, her dog likes to act like she is in charge of other dogs.
Suly Ortiz owns a yellow Labrador. She described her dog as “calm, lazy and shy.”
Rachel Kim has a dog that is a mix of several breeds. She described the animal as “super independent” and loving.
Dogs first became friendly to humans around 14,000 years ago. But the idea of dog breeds is much more recent. 
Around 160 years ago, humans began to breed dogs to have certain physical qualities, such as fur texture and color and ear shape.
Karlsson said her aim was to learn how much a dog’s breed affects their behavior.
The answer? Breed does not decide an individual dog’s personality.
Karlsson’s team gathered information from 18,000 dog owners and studied the genetic code of over 2,000 dogs.
The researchers found that some qualities are based on genetics. However, there is no guarantee that two dogs of the same breed will behave in the same way.
For example, they found golden retrievers that do not retrieve. To “retrieve” is to get and bring something back from a place.
Some breeds, such as huskies and beagles, may be more likely to howl – or make a long, loud barking sound. But many of these dogs do not howl, as owner observations showed.
In addition, the researchers were not able to link aggression to a certain breed.
Jeff Kidd studies genetics at the University of Michigan. He was not involved in the dog project. He said the connection between dog breed and behavior “is much lower than most expected.”
Adam Boyko studies genetics at Cornell University. He also was not involved in the dog research. He noted that Karlsson and her team organized the most data ever about dogs.
I’m Dan Friedell.


译文


一项新的研究发现，所有的狗都有不同的性格——即使是同一品种的狗。
埃莉诺·卡尔森(Elinor Karlsson)在马萨诸塞大学研究遗传学。她与人合著了一篇关于这项研究的报告，最近发表在《科学》杂志上。
卡尔森说:“每只狗都是独立的个体。”
卡尔森指出，即使是看起来一样的狗也有“巨大的差异”。
在纽约的一个狗公园，狗主人告诉美联社他们宠物的不同特征。
伊丽莎白·凯利有一只英国施普林格猎犬。她说她的狗很友好，但也“有点像蜂王”。换句话说，她的狗喜欢表现得像是她在管理其他狗。
萨利·奥尔蒂斯有一只黄色的拉布拉多。她形容她的狗“平静、懒惰、害羞”。
瑞秋·金养了一只混合了几种品种的狗。她形容这只动物“超级独立”，充满爱心。
大约一万四千年前，狗开始对人类友好。但是狗品种的概念是最近才出现的。
大约在160年前，人类开始培育具备某些生理特质的狗，比如皮毛的质地、颜色和耳朵的形状。
卡尔森说，她的目的是了解狗的品种对它们的行为有多大影响。
答案是, 品种并不能决定狗的个性。
卡尔森的团队收集了1.8万名狗主人的信息，并研究了2000多只狗的遗传密码。
研究人员发现，有些品质是基于基因的。然而，并不能保证同一品种的两只狗会有相同的行为。
例如，他们发现金毛寻回犬不会寻回猎物。“寻回” 是指从某地取回某物。
一些品种，如哈士奇和比格犬，可能更喜欢嚎叫，或发出长而响亮的吠叫声。但据主人观察，这些狗中有许多不会嚎叫。
此外，研究人员无法将攻击性与特定的犬种联系起来。
杰夫·基德(Jeff Kidd)在密歇根大学研究遗传学。他没有参与狗狗项目。他说，狗的品种和行为之间的联系“远远低于大多数人的预期。”
亚当·博伊科在康奈尔大学研究遗传学。他也没有参与狗的研究。他指出，卡尔森和她的团队组织了有史以来最多的关于狗的数据。
我是丹弗里德尔。