Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we answer a question from Orlando in Brazil. He writes,
Could you please tell me the difference between these phrases when talking about directions?
We can turn left to go there.
[and] We can make left to go there.
Which one is considered correct? Thanks. Orlando, Brazil.
Dear Orlando, Thank you for writing to us. 
Please note that the word “left” serves as two different parts of speech in these two sentences. 
In the first one, “left” is an adverb. It shows the direction of a turn. Here is a similar example:
At the next intersection, I turned left and then right onto Main Street.
In that statement, both “left” and “right” show a movement in a certain direction. 
They are both adverbs, which means they affect the meaning of a verb. A person or a vehicle can turn, as we have in this example,
The car ran the stop right there, and it turned left.
But we would not talk about a vehicle “making a turn.” Generally speaking, only people can "make a turn."
Your second statement is missing an important word, the determiner “a.” It should be:
We can make a left to go there.
It also leaves out a word that a listener understands but is not said, “turn.”
We can make a left [turn] to go there.
When we give directions with the word “make” we have to use “a” because here, “left” serves as an adjective. It modifies the noun “turn.” 
Here are other examples from the Corpus of Contemporary American English, or COCA:
He made a left turn on a red light. Horns protested.
Officials said the driver in front was waiting to make a left turn.
In looking at the results in COCA, I found that “to make a turn” is much less common than simply using the verb “turn.” Some writers think it is a North American way of speaking.
There is one more way to give directions. You can ask someone to “take a turn.”
Take the second right turn after the bank.
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Jill Robbins.

译文
你好!在本周的“有问必答”节目中，我们回答来自巴西的奥兰多的问题。他问,
当谈到方向时，你能告诉我这些短语的区别吗?
我们可以左转去那里。
我们可以左转去那里。
哪一个是正确的?谢谢。奥兰多,巴西。
亲爱的奥兰多:谢谢你给我们写信。
请注意，“left”这个词在这两个句子中充当了两个不同的词性。
在第一个句子中，“left”是副词。它显示了转弯的方向。下面是一个类似的例子:
在下一个十字路口，我左转，然后右转到主街。
在这句话中，“left”和“right”都表示向某个方向移动。
它们都是副词，这意味着它们影响动词的意思。一个人或一辆车可以转弯，就像我们在这个例子中看到的那样，
那辆车在那里停了下来，然后左转了。
但我们不会说车辆“making a turn”。一般来说，只有人能“make a turn”。
你的第二个陈述少了一个重要的单词，限定词“a”。应该是:
我们可以左转去那里。
它还省略了一个听众听得懂但不是说的词，“turn”。
我们可以左转去那里。
当我们用“make”来指示方向时，我们必须用a，因为在这里，left用作形容词。它修饰名词turn。
以下是来自当代美国英语语料库(COCA)的其他例子:
他在红灯时左转弯。喇叭声四起。
官员们说，前面的司机正等着左转。
在查阅COCA的结果时，我发现“to make a turn”比简单地使用动词“turn”要少见得多。有些作家认为这是北美的一种说法。
还有一种指路的方法。你可以让某人“take a turn”。
过了银行在第二个路口右转。
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期节目内容。我是吉尔·罗宾斯。