Imagine you are a business owner. You hire employees and ask them to do the jobs they are best fitted for.
One employee is skilled at dealing with people, so you have them interact with customers.
Another employee is good with numbers, so you have them take care of records and payments.
In today’s Everyday Grammar, we will consider a situation that is in some ways like our fictional business. Except instead of an employer putting people into the right positions, we will explore one way a language learner can put words into the right positions.
What is the right position? The one that provides for the clearest expression of meaning.
In this report, you will learn about a common situation that can reduce the clear expression of ideas, or clarity. This situation involves using noun forms of words that would be better expressed as verbs.
Let’s start with sentence structure.
We generally divide sentences into two parts: the subject and the predicate.
For example:
The boy threw the ball.
The sentence has this structure:
Subject – verb – object
The subject is “the boy.” The verb is “threw,” and the object is “the ball.”
The farther the sentence gets away from the subject, verb, object order, the harder it becomes to understand.
Similarly, subjects that are concrete – meaning they can act; they can do something – are better than subjects that are abstract. Abstract words or phrases cannot act.
Abstractions are often a result of noun forms that would be better used as verb forms.
Consider these two examples.
The man took a walk.
The establishment of a better tax policy will take place after the elections.
The first sentence is much easier to understand – and not just because it is shorter. “The man took a walk” is much easier to understand because the subject is concrete – the man.
The second sentence is much more difficult to understand because it involves an abstract subject – the establishment, as in “the establishment of a better tax policy.”
The noun “the establishment....” cannot do anything. It is an abstract noun that would be clearer if it were in verb form.
How might we change the sentence so that it is clearer? Here is one possibility:
Council members will establish a better tax policy after the elections.
In our new sentence, the subject is “council members.” They can act. We changed the noun form “the establishment....” to the verb form “establish.”
When a sentence seems unclear, check whether it has a noun that might work better as a verb. In other words, check to make sure that nouns and verbs are in the best place for what you want to express.
In her book, The Well-Crafted Sentence, writing expert Nora Bacon provides this example of a poorly structured sentence:
An emphasis is placed on the development of research skills in our graduate program.
Bacon suggests that the sentence would be much better if it removed the noun form “an emphasis” and replaced it with the verb form “emphasizes,” as in:
Our graduate program emphasizes the development of research skills.
Let’s take some time to work with these ideas.
Pause the audio after hearing the example sentence. Consider how to change the sentence so that it has a clear subject:
The candidate’s decision to drop out of the race happened when he fell to eighth place in a public opinion poll.
Here is one way you might change the sentence:
The candidate decided to drop out of the race when he fell to eighth place in a public opinion poll.
When we changed the noun “decision” to the verb “decided,” the sentence’s subject became shorter and clearer.
We began this report with a comparison to a business owner. While the comparison is not perfect, it does provide a useful way to think about sentences.
The business owner wants to employ a person where his or her talents are strongest. In other words, the business owner wants the right person for the job.
The same idea holds true when you are making choices about language: The reason you use a word or structure is because it is the right word or structure for the job.
The next time you are reading or writing, check sentences that seem unclear. If they seem unclear, there is a good chance that they involve a noun that would be better in verb form.
I’m John Russell.

译文:
想象你是一个企业主。你雇佣员工，让他们做最适合他们的工作。
一个员工擅长与人打交道，所以你要让他们与客户互动。
另一个员工擅长数字，所以你让他们处理记录和付款。
在今天的《每日语法》中，我们将考虑一个情况，在某些方面就像我们虚构的业务。除了雇主将人们放在正确的位置之外，我们将探索一种语言学习者将单词放在正确位置的方法。
什么是正确的位置?能够最清晰地表达意思的语言。
在这篇报告中，你将了解到一种常见的情况，这种情况会降低清晰表达思想的能力。这种情况涉及到使用名词形式的单词，而这些单词可以更好地表达为动词。
让我们从句子结构开始。
我们通常把句子分成两部分:主语和谓语。(传统定义中"谓语"指"动词+宾语"或者"系动词+表语" )
例如:
那个男孩把球扔了出去。
这个句子有这样的结构:
主语-动词-宾语 (这里的谓语是"动词+宾语")
主题是“那个男孩”。动词是“扔”，物体是“球”。
句子脱离主语、动词、宾语的顺序越远，就越难理解。
同样的，主体是具体的，这意味着他们可以行动;它们能做一些事情，比抽象的科目更好。抽象的词语或短语不能起作用。
抽象通常是名词形式的结果，而名词形式更适合用作动词。
考虑以下两个例子。
The man took a walk.
The establishment of a better tax policy will take place after the elections.
第一句话更容易理解——不仅仅是因为它更短。“The man take a walk”更容易理解，因为主语是具体的——男人。
第二句要理解起来困难得多，因为它涉及一个抽象的主语——建立，比如“建立一个更好的税收政策”。
名词“建立....”什么也做不了。这是一个抽象名词，如果它是动词形式，就会更清楚。
我们怎样才能把句子改得更清楚些呢?这里有一种可能:
Council members will establish a better tax policy after the elections.
在我们的新句子中，主语是“council members”。他们可以采取行动。我们把名词形式“establishment”改为动词形式“建立”。
当一个句子看起来不清楚时，检查它是否有一个可以改成动词的名词。换句话说，要确保名词和动词处于你想表达的东西的最佳位置。
写作专家Nora Bacon在她的书《精心设计的句子》中提供了这样一个结构糟糕的句子的例子:
An emphasis is placed on the development of research skills in our graduate program.
Bacon认为，如果去掉名词形式的“an emphasis”，用动词形式的“emphasis”来代替，这个句子会更好，比如:
Our graduate program emphasizes the development of research skills.
让我们花些时间来研究这些想法。
听完例句后暂停音频。考虑一下如何改变句子，让它有一个明确的主语:
The candidate’s decision to drop out of the race happened when he fell to eighth place in a public opinion poll.
这里有一种改变句子的方法:
The candidate decided to drop out of the race when he fell to eighth place in a public opinion poll.
当我们把名词“decision”改成动词“decided”时，句子的主语变得更短更清楚了。
我们以一位企业主的比较开始了这篇报道。虽然这种比较并不完美，但它确实提供了一种思考句子的有用方式。
企业老板希望雇佣一个他或她的才能最强的人。换句话说，企业老板希望找到合适的人选。
同样的道理也适用于你选择语言的时候:你使用一个词或结构的原因是因为它是适合工作的词或结构。
下次你在阅读或写作时，检查那些看起来不清楚的句子。如果它们看起来不清楚，很有可能涉及到一个可以改成动词的名词。
我是John Russell。