And now, Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
On this program, we explore words and expressions in the English language.
Today we talk about “steam.”
Steam is water heated to the boiling point. Above 100 degrees Celsius, water becomes a gas. When placed under pressure, steam can supply energy for heating, cooking, or mechanical work, as in a steam engine.
“Steam” can mean other things too.
It can be used to mean anger or to describe someone who is angry. 
For example, it is not healthy to get steamed over every little issue. Life is too short.
Every time a friend of mine receives criticism, she gets steamed for a while. 
When I learned this about her, I knew to give her time and space to calm down after giving her any suggestions.
“Steam” can also mean energy, active force, or motivation. This kind of steam is good for getting things done.
For example, I once led a large group of people in a big creative project. I knew we needed to work up steam to get the job done. 
In other words, we would need a lot of energy. 
I told the team what was needed. I wanted to encourage them to get started. So, I said to them, “Full steam ahead!”
But it is also easy to “lose steam” if you don’t plan well. 
Once, I started a project in the spring but by summer I had run out of steam. I did not have the energy or motivation to finish.
Steam can also mean suppressed emotional tension or frustrations. 
Life can be busy and full of frustrations and problems. If we don’t talk about them, pressure can build up inside us – like a volcano that is ready to blow its top.
When we blow our top, we become angry, often quickly.
So, sometimes we need to “let off a little steam.” We need to ease the tension. 
When we let off steam, we release feelings that we may have been avoiding. We can also say, we need to “blow off steam.”
When we blow or let off steam, we calm down or release emotions or energy by doing something we like. Like a tea pot blowing off steam, it is a release of energy. 
So, when life gets frustrating, I like to go for a walk to blow off some steam. But some people may like to yell to let off steam. 
For some people, blowing off steam is hard to do. They don’t know how to relax or calm down.
Blowing off steam can mean that we “air out” issues that are bothering us. 
To air out concerns is a way of easing the pressure in our steam engine. It means to discuss our thoughts openly, so we feel better.
Next time you need to blow off some steam, listen to VOA Learning English and relax with an English lesson!
That’s all the time we have for this Words and Their Stories.
Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo.


这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
在这个节目中，我们探索英语中的单词和短语。
今天我们来谈谈“蒸汽”。
蒸汽是加热到沸点的水。超过100摄氏度，水就变成气体。当蒸汽处于压力下时，它可以为加热、烹饪或机械工作提供能量，如在蒸汽机中。
“Steam”还有其他含义。
它可以用来表示愤怒或描述某人生气。
例如，为每一个小问题而生气是不健康的。人生苦短。
每次我的一个朋友受到批评，她都会生气一会儿。
当我了解到这一点后，我知道在给她任何建议后，都要给她时间和空间让她冷静下来。
“蒸汽”也可以指能量、积极的力量或动力。这种蒸汽对做事有好处。
例如，我曾经在一个大型创意项目中带领一大群人。我知道我们需要加把劲来完成这项工作。
换句话说，我们需要大量的能量。
我告诉团队需要什么。我想鼓励他们开始。所以，我对他们说:“全速前进!”
但如果你没有做好计划，也很容易“失去动力”。
有一次，我在春天开始了一个项目，但到了夏天，我就精疲力竭了。我没有精力和动力去完成。
Steam也意味着被压抑的情绪紧张或挫折。
生活可能是忙碌的，充满了挫折和问题。如果我们不谈论它们，压力就会在我们内心积聚——就像火山随时会爆发一样。
当我们blow our top的时候，我们会变得很生气，而且通常很快。
所以，有时候我们需要“释放一点压力”。我们需要缓和紧张局势。
当我们发泄情绪时，我们释放了我们可能一直在避免的感觉。我们也可以说，我们需要“blow off steam”。
当我们发泄或释放蒸汽，我们平静下来或通过做我们喜欢的事情来释放情绪或能量。就像茶壶释放蒸汽一样，这是能量的释放。
所以，当生活变得令人沮丧的时候，我喜欢出去散步来释放一些压力。但是有些人可能喜欢通过大喊来发泄。
对一些人来说，发泄是很难做到的。他们不知道如何放松或冷静下来。
blow off steam意思是我们把困扰我们的问题“释放出来”。
释放忧虑是减轻蒸汽机压力的一种方法。它的意思是开诚布公地讨论我们的想法，这样我们会感觉更好。
下次你需要发泄的时候，听美国之音慢速英语，用英语课来放松一下!
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。
欢迎收看下期节目，我是安娜·马特奥。