And now Words and Their Stories from VOA Learning English.
In many parts of the world, the flow of traffic is controlled in part by traffic lights. 
Typically, they have three colors: green, yellow, and red. Green means go. Yellow means proceed with care and be prepared to stop. And red means stop. 
But these colored lights are not only used to control traffic. When it comes to red and green, we also use those two in our English expressions.
The most common is the green light.
“Greenlight” means to have permission to go ahead with a project.
In English, we often turn verbs into nouns and nouns into verbs.
For example, sometimes we use “go-ahead” as a noun. If you have been given a go-ahead to proceed with a project, you have been given the greenlight. Or in other words, you have been green-lighted, to use the past tense. However, we would not say that we have been “go-aheaded.” Making that past tense is simply not correct.
When you get the greenlight, you can proceed. You have been given consent. A greenlight is simply permission to get started!
This term is especially common in the film and theater industry. Producing films and plays takes a lot of resources. So, getting the greenlight is important.
For example, the company producing my friend’s film refused to green-light production until he did a big rewrite on his script.
Now, let’s listen to these two co-workers use the term “greenlight.”
"So, when are you starting your new project?"
"As soon as I get the greenlight, I can take the first step."
"The boss gave you the go-ahead in the meeting yesterday."
"No, she didn’t."
"I saw her. She nodded her head!"
"That’s not a greenlight. That’s body language. For all I know, she could’ve been tired and her head dropped forward slightly."
"No way. I’ve known her for years and that is definitely how she greenlights a project. In fact, just last week she greenlighted a bigger project than yours with just a wink."
"That’s a shockingly subtle way to authorize a project."
"Perhaps. But also smart. If it doesn’t work out, she can say she never gave consent."
"Well, my project needs a lot of resources. So, I’m going to need more than a wink and a nod, before I proceed."
"What more could you need?"
"Oh I don’t know … maybe something in writing … like an email?"
Now, a red light used as a traffic signal means “stop.”
This is also true in conversation. It means an order or directive to stop an action or project. During the pandemic, many companies put a red light on all unnecessary costs.
Although, this usage is less common than greenlight.
A red light can also mean a signal of danger or a warning. For example, always being late for work could be a red light for a larger problem. Used this way as a warning, we could also say “red flag.” 
There is another way we use “red light.” Sometimes we combine it with the word “district.” In a red light district adult entertainment is sold.
And that’s the end of this Words and Their Stories! Until next time...I’m Anna Matteo. 


译文

这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
在世界上许多地方，交通流量部分由红绿灯控制。
通常，它们有三种颜色:绿色、黄色和红色。绿色意味着去。黄色表示小心前行，随时准备停止。红色的意思是停止。
但是这些彩色的灯不仅用来控制交通。当谈到红色和绿色时，我们也会在英语表达中用到这两个词。
最常见的是绿灯。
“Greenlight”的意思是获准继续进行一个项目。
在英语中，我们经常把动词变成名词，把名词变成动词。
例如，有时我们用go-ahead作为名词。如果你得到了继续进行一个项目的许可，你就得到了绿灯。换句话说，你被绿灯了，用过去时。然而，我们不会说我们已经“go-ahead”了。用过去式是不正确的。
当你得到许可，你就可以继续了。你已经被同意了。greenlight就是允许你开始!
这个词在电影和戏剧行业中尤其常见。制作电影和戏剧需要大量的资源。所以，获得许可是很重要的。
例如，制作我朋友的电影的公司拒绝批准制作，直到他对剧本进行了大量的重写。
现在，让我们来听听这两位同事是如何使用“greenlight”这个术语的。
“那么，你什么时候开始你的新项目?”
“一旦我得到许可，我就可以迈出第一步。”
“老板昨天在会议上批准了你。”
“不,她没有。”
“我看到她。她点了点头!”
“这不是绿灯。这是肢体语言。据我所知，她可能是累了，头微微前倾。”
“没门。我认识她很多年了，她就是这样批准一个项目的。事实上，就在上周，她眨眼间就批准了一个比你的项目更大的项目。”
“这是一种非常微妙的授权项目的方式。”
“也许。而且聪明。如果没有成功，她可以说她从来没有同意过。”
“嗯，我的项目需要很多资源。所以，在我继续之前，我需要的不仅仅是眨眨眼和点头。”
“你还需要什么?”
“哦，我不知道……也许写点东西……比如电子邮件?”
现在，红灯用作交通信号的意思是“停止”。
在对话中也是如此。它指的是停止行动或项目的命令或指令。在疫情期间，许多公司对所有不必要的费用亮起红灯。
不过，这种用法不如greenlight那么常见。
红灯也可以表示危险的信号或警告。例如，工作总是迟到可能是一个更大问题的红灯。用这种方式作为警告，我们也可以说“red flag”。
我们还有另一种使用“red light”的方式。有时我们把它和“地区”这个词结合起来。在红灯区出售成人娱乐产品。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。直到下次……我是安娜·马特奥。 安娜·马特奥为美国之音英语学习撰写了这个故事。