And now, Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
On this program, we explore words and expressions in the English language. We give examples and notes on usage.
Today we talk about things that are dependable (you can depend on them) and reliable (you can rely on them). ~
These are things in life that we count on. We know they work because we have tried them!
So, today we talk about a word that describes such things: tried-and-true.
Tried-and-true is an adjective. It describes a way of doing something that is proven to work well.
Something tried-and-true is tested. Often, we say a method or process is tried-and-true. ~
It is trustworthy, or worthy of your trust.
If a method or way of doing something is tried-and-true, it could become your go-to way of doing something. ~
You go to it often because you know it works. ~
Go-to describes a method or process that has worked so well and so often that you count on it.
A tried-and-true method is so dependable that it is a sure bet. You could even bet your life on it.
What other words do we use with tried-and-true?
A remedy or cure can be called tried-and-true. ~
We can say a tried-and-true remedy works wonders or works like a dream.
A formula, an approach, a set of instructions -- basically any way of doing something can be tried-and-true.
Now let’s hear two friends use this word and some related words.
A: You look a little tired. Have you not been feeling well?
B: No, I'm not sick. I haven’t been sleeping well.
A: You should try my tried-and-true remedy for getting better sleep.
B: Sure! I’ll try anything.
A: I take a really long run about an hour before bedtime.
B: Correction. I'll try anything ... but that. Running may work wonders for you but not for me. ~
Do you have any other dependable go-to remedies?
A: You could drink a cup of warm milk before bed.
B: Now, that sounds like my kind of remedy.
And that’s all the time we have for this Words and Their Stories.
We hope that VOA Learning English has become a tried-and-true way for you to learn English.
Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo.

现在是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
在这个节目中，我们探索英语中的单词和表达。并给出示例和用法说明。
今天我们讨论的是dependable(你可以依赖它们)和reliable(你可以依赖它们)。～
这指的是我们生活中所依赖的一些东西。我们知道它们是有效的，因为我们已经尝试过了!
所以，今天我们来讨论一个用来描述这些事情的词:tried-and-true。
trial-and-true是一个形容词。它描述了一种被证明有效的做事方法。
tried-and-true 描述的东西是经过测试的。通常，我们说一个方法或过程是tried-and-true。～
它是值得信赖的，或值得你信任的。
如果做某件事的方法或方式是tried-and-true的，它可能成为你做某件事的首选方法。～
你经常去，因为你知道它有用。～
Go-to描述的是一种非常有效的方法或过程，你经常依赖它。
可靠的方法是可靠的，是有把握的。你甚至可以拿你的生命来打赌。
还有什么词和“tried-and-true”一起使用?
一种补救办法或治疗方法可以被称为是tried-and-true的。～
我们可以说，一种久经考验的补救方法是神奇的，或者是如梦一般的。
一个公式，一个方法，一套指令——基本上任何做一件事的方法都可以是可靠的。
现在让我们来听两个朋友使用这个单词和一些相关的单词。
A:你看起来有点累。你觉得不舒服吗?
B:不，我没病。我一直睡不好觉。
A:你应该试试我那行之有效的改善睡眠的方法。
B:当然!我什么都想尝尝。
A:我在睡觉前一个小时跑步。
B:修正。我什么都愿意尝试……但这。跑步可能对你有好处，但对我没有。～
你还有其他可靠的治疗方法吗?
A:你可以在睡觉前喝一杯热牛奶。
B:这听起来像是我的补救办法。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。
我们希望美国之音慢速英语已经成为大家学习英语的可靠途径。
我是Anna Matteo。