Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from Aiping about the difference between mission and assignment in one of our stories.
Dear teacher,
I read an article by VOA Learning English titled "After Helping Fight COVID-19 US military plans for Next Pandemic.” 
There are two words: “mission “and “assignment.” Can you tell me the difference between these two words?
Thanks! Aiping
Dear Aiping, Thank you for your question! Let us look at these two words within the story. 
We will start with the word “mission” and then move onto “assignment.”
Firstly, we have the word “mission.” Let us look at how the word “mission” is used in the story:
“The United States military deployed about 24,000 troops to help state and local governments across the country fight COVID-19. That mission has ended, at least for now.”
“And, officials are seeking to learn from the experiences of service members who took part in the COVID-19 mission.”
"(The patient) is going to get the treatment he needs. That was the mission.”
The word mission in these three sentences from the story refer to the US military’s deployment of troops to help local governments fight COVID-19. 
In this way, we can think of “mission” as an important operation, effort, or task.
The US military defines “mission” as “a task together with a purpose.” This may be an overall mission or larger goal, like to defend the United States, or it might be a specific task, like helping local governments to fight COVID-19.
So we can think of “mission” as a larger goal or objective. Many organizations and even individual people use the word “mission.”
For example,
The charity’s mission is to provide shelter and food to young people without homes.
My mission for the summer is to take an hour-long walk every day.
Next, we have the word “assignment.” Let us look at how we use it in the story:
“The last military medical team deployed for the pandemic finished its assignment last week at the University of Utah hospital.”
In this sentence, “assignment” refers to a specific place where the task or mission is carried out, like the University of Utah hospital.
Military units and other employees might have different assignments or jobs in different places. 
This is how we can think of the word “assignment,” like a specific job in a specific place.
To summarize, we use the word “mission” to talk about the overall goal or purpose for an organization or an individual. 
We use the word assignment when talking about individual jobs in a specific place.
The two words can overlap when a person’s assignment (individual job) is helping carry out the mission or larger, overall goal.
Please let us know if these explanations and examples have helped you, Aiping!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo.


你好!在本周的“有问必答”节目中，我们将回答艾萍关于一期节目中“mission “和“assignment.”两者的差别问题。
亲爱的老师,
我读了美国之音英语学习的一篇文章，题为“在帮助抗击COVID-19后，美国军方开始为下一次大流行做计划”。
有两个词:“mission “and “assignment.”。你能告诉我这两个词的区别吗?
谢谢!艾萍
亲爱的艾萍，谢谢你的问题!让我们来看看故事中的这两个词。
我们先讨论“mission”，然后是“assignment”。
首先，我们有“mission”这个词。让我们看看“mission”这个词是如何在故事中使用的:
“美国军方部署了约2.4万名士兵，帮助全国各州和地方政府抗击COVID-19。这项任务已经结束了，至少目前是这样。”
“官员们正在寻求学习参加COVID-19任务的服役人员的经验。”
“(病人)将得到他需要的治疗。这就是我们的使命。”
这三句话中的“mission”一词指的是美军部署军队帮助地方政府抗击COVID-19。
通过这种方式，我们可以将“mission”理解为一项重要的操作、努力或任务。
美国军方将“mission”定义为“有目的的任务”。这可能是一个整体任务或更大的目标，比如保卫美国，也可能是一个具体的任务，比如帮助地方政府抗击COVID-19。
所以我们可以把“mission”看作一个更大的目标或目标。许多组织甚至个人都使用“mission”这个词。
例如,
该慈善机构的使命是为无家可归的年轻人提供住所和食物。
我夏天的任务就是每天散步一小时。
接下来，我们有“assignment”这个词。让我们看看我们是如何在故事中使用它的:
“最后一支为应对大流行而部署的军事医疗队上周在犹他大学医院完成了任务。”
在这句话中，“assignment”指的是执行任务或任务的特定地点，比如犹他大学医院。
军事单位和其他雇员可能在不同的地方有不同的任务或工作。
这就是我们对“assignment”这个词的理解，就像在一个特定的地方做一份特定的工作。
总而言之，我们用“assignment”这个词来谈论一个组织或个人的整体目标或目的。
当我们谈论在特定地方的个人工作时，我们使用assignment这个词。
当一个人的任务(个人工作)是帮助完成任务或更大的整体目标时，这两个词可以重叠。
如果这些解释和例子对你有帮助，请告诉我们，艾萍!
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期节目内容。我费斯皮尔洛。