
原文

Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from Jesus, from Spain, about the difference between “never mind” and “it doesn’t matter.”
Hello,My name is Jesus, and I find the use of "never mind" and "it doesn't matter" sometimes confusing, could you clear it up for me, please?Thank you from Spain.
Dear Jesus,Thank you for your question. We will start with the expression “never mind.”
Often, we use “never mind” as an imperative or command form to tell someone to leave a subject or topic alone. This is especially true if a request is not fulfilled or a question is left unanswered.
For example, if you have a question like: Can you help me put away the groceries?
And it goes unanswered.  You can reply: Never mind, I will do it without you.
In this exchange, “never mind” is used as a command to mean “ignore what was just asked or said.”
Another way we can use “never mind” is as a conjunction, a part of speech that joins together two ideas, clauses or sentences. 
When used as a conjunction, “never mind” connects two options, the second option being the least likely or wanted.
For example: "I do not like traveling to work. There are too many people on the bus, never mind that it takes 45 minutes to get there."
In this sentence, “never mind” acts the same as another conjunction, “in addition.” In the above example, the second option is expressed as the worst part of traveling to work.
“It doesn’t matter” means that the subject or issue is not important.
We can reword the sentence to understand it better:
It does not matter (to me).
The verb “matter” means to be of importance. So when we say, “it doesn’t matter” we are saying “this issue or subject is not important.”
For example, if we are given a choice between two things, and we say “it doesn’t matter,” we are saying that either choice is acceptable.
"Do you want coffee or tea?" 
"It doesn’t matter."
Here we are saying that the choices are unimportant and we could enjoy either coffee or tea.
Sometimes, both of these expressions can be combined, as follows:
"Never mind, it doesn’t matter."
This sentence demonstrates our lack of interest in the subject and expresses that we do not care to talk about the situation any further.
Please let us know if these explanations and examples have helped you, Jesus!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher.
"I’m Faith Pirlo."
"And I’m Jill Robbins."

译文

你好!本周的“请教老师”节目中，我们将回答来自西班牙的赫苏斯提出的一个问题，关于“never mind” 和 “it doesn’t matter.”的区别。
你好，我的名字是赫苏斯，我发现“never mind” 和 “it doesn’t matter.”的用法有时让我很困惑，你能帮我解释一下吗?来自西班牙的感谢。
亲爱的赫苏斯，谢谢你的问题。我们将从“never mind”这个表达开始。
通常，我们用“never mind”作为祈使句或命令句，告诉某人不要去管某个主题或话题。如果一个请求没有得到满足或一个问题没有得到回答，这一点尤其正确。
例如，如果你有这样的问题:你能帮我把杂货放好吗?
没有人回答。你可以回答:没关系，没有你我自己做。
在这种交流中，“never mind”被用作命令，意思是“忽略刚才所问或所说的。”
另一种使用“never mind”的方式是作为连词，一个连接两个观点、从句或句子的词性。
当用作连词时，“never mind”连接两个选项，第二个选项是最不可能或最不需要的。
例如:"我不喜欢去上班。车上人太多了，更别提要45分钟才能到。"
在这个句子中，“never mind”和另一个连词“In addition”作用相同。在上面的例子中，第二个选项被表达为上班途中最糟糕的部分。
“It doesn 't matter”的意思是这个主题或问题不重要。
我们可以改写这个句子来更好地理解它:
"(对我来说)没关系。"
动词“matter”的意思是"重要的"。所以当我们说“没关系”时，我们是在说“这个问题或主题不重要”。
例如，如果我们在两件事情中有一个选择，我们说“没关系”，我们是说任何一个选择都是可以接受的。
“你要咖啡还是茶?”
“没关系。”
在这里我们说的是"选择不重要，咖啡或茶都ok。"
有时，这两种表达可以结合起来，如下:
“没关系，那不重要。”
这句话表明对主题不感兴趣，并表示我们不想进一步谈论这个情况。
赫苏斯，请让我们知道这些解释和例子是否帮助了你!
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是今天的内容.
“我是费斯皮尔洛。”
“我是吉尔·罗宾斯。”