Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from Maria, a teacher from Brazil, about the difference between “to me” and “for me.”
Hello, If I am asking a student to read in class, should I say “to me” or “for me?” I would to know which one is correct.
Could you read it to me? or Could you read it for me?
Thanks a lot, Maria
Thank you for writing to us. Both of these questions can be correct. The choice of “to me” or “for me” depends on the meaning you would like to express.
In the examples you sent us, “to” and “for” are both used as prepositions. 
Prepositions are a word or group of words that is used with a noun, pronoun, or noun phrase to show physical direction, location, time, or to introduce an object.
“To” and “for” in the examples you sent are used to introduce an object, but the meanings are different.
We will take a closer look at these differences.
“To” is used to show the physical direction of an action. But in your example, the use slightly changes.
Could you read it to me?
In your example, “to” is used to show who the action of reading is directed towards.
The object of the preposition is “me”, receiving the action of reading.
It is like asking:  towards me?
You could have also said:  to us?
In this example “us” would be the whole class.
The preposition of “for” can have many meanings.
Could you read it for me?
The preposition of “for” in this example means “in place of,” “to help,” or “on behalf of.”
“Me” is again the object of the preposition.
So, instead of you reading a story, you are asking the student to read a story in place of you or to help you by reading it.
If something is directed towards you and you are receiving the action, use “to me.”
Another example is: Could you bring my science book to me?
Here you are asking someone to bring your book to you. You will receive it and take it with you.
But if you ask, Could you bring my science book for me?
you are requesting that someone brings your book in place of you bringing it. They will take it with them to class, instead of you taking it.
“For me” is used if you are asking someone to do something on behalf of you, in place of you doing it, or to help you.
Please let us know if these example s and explanations have helped you, Maria!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo. 

译文:
你好!在本周的“请教老师”节目中，我们将回答来自巴西的老师Maria提出的关于“to me”和“for me”的区别的问题。
你好，如果我让一个学生在课堂上阅读，我应该说“to me”还是“for me”?我想知道哪一个是正确的。
Could you read it to me? or Could you read it for me?
非常感谢，Maria
谢谢你给我们写信。这两个问题都可能是正确的。“to me”或“for me”的选择取决于你想要表达的意思。
在你发给我们的例子中，“to”和“for”都用作介词。
介词是一个词或一组词，与名词、代词或名词短语一起使用，以表示物理方向、位置、时间或引入一个对象。
在你发送的例子中，“To”和“for”是用来引入一个对象的，但意思是不同的。
我们将仔细研究这些差异。
“To”用于显示动作的物理方向。但是在您的示例中，用法略有变化。
Could you read it to me?
在你的例子中，“to”用来表示阅读的动作是针对谁的。
介词的宾语是“我”，接受阅读的动作。
这就像问:对我?
你也可以说:对我们?
在这个例子中，“我们”指的是整个班级。
介词“for”可以有很多意思。
Could you read it for me?
在这个例子中介词“for”的意思是“代替”、“帮助”或“代表”。
Me又是介词的宾语。
所以，你不是在读故事，而是让学生代替你读故事，或者帮助你读故事。
如果某物指向你，而你正在接受这个动作，用“to me”。
另一个例子是:Could you bring my science book to me?
在这里你是让别人把你的书带给你。你会收到它并带走它。
但如果你问，Could you bring my science book for me?
你是在要求别人代替你把你的书带来。他们会带着它去上课，而不是你带。
“For me”用于当你要求某人代表你做某事，而不是你自己做某事或帮助你时。
请让我们知道这些例子和解释是否对你有帮助，Maria!
关于美式英语你有什么问题? 可以给我们发邮件: learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期节目。我是费斯皮尔洛。
