Imagine you are talking with a friend. Your friend tells you that they have a big test or job interview coming up soon.
This is a good time to wish them well.
But how do you do so?
In today’s Everyday Grammar, we will explore a point of connection between grammar and social situations. ~
You will learn about polite, friendly ways to wish other people well.
Social situations provide us with many opportunities to wish other people well. ~
Such wishes can come in the form of sentence fragments or complete sentences.
A fragment is a kind of incomplete sentence – it is missing part of the subject or predicate. ~
In general, fragments that wish other people well are missing the subject.
Consider, for example, the phrase “good luck,” which is used to say that you hope someone will succeed. ~
“Good luck” has an adjective, “good,” and a noun, “luck.”
But the phrase suggests something more. It suggests something like this: “I wish you good luck.“
In any case, English speakers often just use the phrase, “good luck.”
So, a person might say, “Good luck with the job interview!”
In terms of complete sentences, English speakers often use verbs such as “wish” or “hope.”
For example, a person might say,
“I hope the job interview goes well tomorrow.”
Or “I wish you the best of luck with your job interview tomorrow.”
English speakers also use complete sentences to make affirmations - expressions of belief in the other person. ~
Such expressions of belief are another way to show kindness or warmth to other people.
For example, a person might say,
"I know you are worried about the test tomorrow, but I also know you are up for the challenge!”
Or “The job interview will be easy. You’re going to do great!”
Let’s take some time to work with these ideas. ~
Take these three words and form a statement that wishes someone well.
Luck test next week
Pause the audio while you are considering your answer.
Here is one possible answer:
“Good luck with the test next week!”
Now imagine that a friend tells you the following:
“I’m so worried about tomorrow - I have a difficult math test!”
What should you say to your friend? Pause the audio to consider your answer.
Here is one possible answer:
“I hope the test goes well tomorrow!”
Here are two other possible answers that involve affirmations:
“I know you are worried about the test, but I also know that you will do great!”
“The test will be easy for you. I know you will do great!”
Today’s report explored a few ways to wish others well. There are, of course, many other ways to do so.
The next time you are listening to English speakers, pay careful attention to how they wish each other well. ~
Make careful note of the kinds of words and phrases that they use. ~
Ask yourself if they are using fragments or complete sentences.
We will close this report with some wishes for our listeners.
Good luck with your English studies. We wish you continued success on the path of language learning.
I’m John Russell.

想象你正在和一个朋友交谈。你的朋友告诉你他们马上就要参加一个大考或面试了。
这是祝福他们的好时机。
但你要怎么做呢?
在今天的《每日语法》节目中，我们将探讨语法和社会情境之间的联系。～
你会学到礼貌、友好地祝福他人的方法。
社会环境给我们提供了许多祝福他人的机会。～
这样的愿望可以以句子片段或完整句子的形式出现。
片段是一种不完整的句子——它缺少了主语或谓语的一部分。～
通常情况下，祝福他人的片段会缺少主题。
举个例子，“good luck”这个短语是用来表示你希望某人成功的。～
“Good luck”有形容词“Good”和名词“luck”。
但是这个短语暗示了更多的东西。它的意思是:“祝你好运。”
在任何情况下，说英语的人通常只使用“good luck”这个短语。
所以，一个人可能会说，“祝你面试好运!”
在完整的句子中，英语使用者经常使用“wish”或“hope”这样的动词。
例如，一个人可能会说，
“我希望明天的面试顺利。”
或者“祝你明天面试好运。”
说英语的人也用完整的句子来表达肯定 - 信任他人的表达方式。～
这种信任的表达是向他人表达善意或温暖的另一种方式。
例如，一个人可能会说，
“我知道你在担心明天的考试，但我也知道你准备好迎接挑战了!”
或者“这次面试很容易。你会做得很好的!”
让我们花点时间来研究这些想法。～
用这三个词来表达对某人的祝福。
运气 测试 下周
在你考虑答案时暂停音频。
下面是一个可能的答案:
“祝你下周考试好运!”
现在想象一下，一个朋友告诉你以下的话:
“我很担心明天——我有一个很难的数学考试!”
你应该对你的朋友说什么?暂停音频，考虑你的答案。
下面是一个可能的答案:
“我希望明天的考试顺利!”
这里有两个其他可能的答案涉及到肯定:
“我知道你很担心考试，但我也知道你会做得很好的!”
“考试对你来说很容易。我知道你会做得很棒的!”
今天的报道探讨了一些祝福他人的方法。当然，还有许多其他方法可以做到这一点。
下次你在听说英语的人说话时，要仔细注意他们是如何彼此祝福的。～
仔细记录他们使用的单词和短语的种类。～
问问自己，他们是在使用片段还是完整的句子。
我们将以对听众的一些祝愿来结束这篇报道。
祝你英语学习好运。我们祝愿你在语言学习的道路上继续取得成功。
我是John Russell。