Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question about if nouns can become verbs.
Hello there! Can any nouns be a verb? For example:
When it's hot, I fan my mom.
When it's raining, I umbrella her.
Thank you, Johnny
Thanks for writing us, Johnny. This is a great question.
The answer may surprise you.
Yes, any noun can be made into a verb in English. It is one of the most interesting things about English. ~
The process is called “verbing” or making a verb from a noun.
Let’s review your two examples:
“To fan” something or someone is an accepted verb, which means that many people use it, and you can find it in the dictionary. ~
This verb means to cool by using a device, a like fan, to create air.
So, you can totally fan your mom.
You can also “fan” the flames of a fire to make it stronger.
But just because a noun can be made into a verb, does not mean that it always works or is accepted into the language.
We do not yet have “to umbrella” as a verb in our language. But who knows, if you keep using it enough, you might just “verb” it!
We often see “verbing” on the internet, especially on social media. ~
For example, the noun “friend” is now commonly used as a verb.
She friended me on Facebook yesterday.
We also “google” to find information. ~
And since more people study and work from home during the pandemic, we now “zoom” or “skype” each other.
But this process of creating verbs from nouns is not new. We have been verbing for centuries!
Some common nouns turning into verbs include “pencil, table, butter, and voice." For example,
I will pencil you in for next Friday!
“To pencil” means to set up a meeting or add someone to a list by writing their name down.
Since we are running out of time, let’s table this discussion for next week’s meeting.
“To table” something is to delay the discussion until a future time.
I butter my bread every morning.
“To butter” means to apply butter to bread.
And lastly, “to voice” has two meanings. The first is to tell someone your thoughts, feelings, or opinions about something.
She voiced her opposition to the new community plan.
The second meaning of voice is to make sounds with your voice, like speaking. For example,
At Learning English, we always voice our stories after we write them.
If you are interested in learning how words are created and accepted into the language, there is an interesting TED Talk by Erin McKean, who writes dictionaries.
Please let us know if these explanations and examples have helped you!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo.

你好!本周的“有问必答”节目中，我们将回答一个关于名词是否可以变成动词的问题。
你好!名词可以作动词吗?例如:
天气热的时候，我给妈妈扇扇子。
下雨的时候，我给她打伞。
谢谢你，Johnny
谢谢你给我们写信，Johnny。这是个好问题。
答案可能会让你大吃一惊。
是的，在英语中任何名词都可以变成动词。这是英语最有趣的地方之一。～
这个过程被称为“动词化”，或“将名词变成动词。”
让我们回顾一下你的两个例子:
“To fan”某事或某人是一个公认的动词，这意味着很多人使用它，你可以在词典中找到它。～
这个动词的意思是通过使用像风扇这样的设备来产生空气来冷却。
所以，你完全可以给你妈妈扇风扇。
你也可以“扇”火的火焰使它更强。
但是，仅仅因为一个名词可以变成一个动词，并不意味着它总是有效的或被语言接受。
在我们的语言中，“to umbrella”还没有作为动词使用。但是谁知道呢，如果你一直用它，你可能会把它变成动词!
我们经常在互联网上看到“动词化”，尤其是在社交媒体上。～
例如，名词“friend”现在通常用作动词。
她昨天在脸书上加了我为好友。
我们还“谷歌”查找信息。～
由于疫情期间有更多的人在家学习和工作，我们现在互相“zoom”或“skype”。
但这种从名词创造动词的过程并不新鲜。我们说动词已经好几个世纪了!
一些常用名词变成动词包括“pencil, table, butter, and voice”。例如,
我将把你安排在下星期五。
“To pencil”的意思是安排一个会议或把某人的名字写在名单上。
既然时间不多了，我们把这个问题留到下周的会议讨论吧。
“To table”某事的意思是将讨论推迟到未来的某个时间。
我每天早上在面包上涂黄油。
“To butter”的意思是在面包上涂黄油。
最后，“to voice”有两个意思。第一个是告诉某人你对某事的想法、感受或意见。
她对新的社区计划表示反对。
voice的第二个意思是用你的声音发出声音，比如说话。例如,
在英语学习中，我们总是在写完故事后说出我们的故事。
如果你有兴趣了解单词是如何被创造出来并被语言接受的，有一个有趣的TED演讲是由词典编纂者Erin McKean做的。
请让我们知道这些解释和例子是否对你有帮助!
你对美式英语有什么问题?给我们发邮件到learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期的“有问必答”。我是 Faith Pirlo。