And now, Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
On this program we explore words and expressions in the English language. We give examples and notes on usage.
Today we talk about something that sounds dirty because it is – to grease someone’s palm.
When we grease someone’s palm, we give them money, or something else valuable, to get what we want. ~
Simply put, it is an act of bribery. ~
For example, if someone greases a government official's palm, the person secretly gives money to the official in order to get something they want.
You may also hear this expression used with the word oil instead of grease.
Grease and oil help some machines work smoothly. ~
Grease and oil are both black, slippery materials. They prevent friction when pieces of machinery touch or rub together.
You could argue that bribing people to get what you want works the same way. It makes a process work better – at least for the person doing the greasing.
Now, sometimes when we grease someone’s palm, it is not as serious as bribery.
If you have ever secretly put money into someone’s hand or palm for the purpose of getting a favor from them … you have greased their palm. ~
But don’t worry. Palm-greasing is not always illegal. ~
Sometimes it just simplifies a process or helps avoid a long wait. Other times it gives you access that may be denied to others.
For example, at a restaurant you could give someone money to get a better table. ~
You could also give money to a tour guide to see areas closed to others.
I once had a friend who would often grease her little brother’s palm when her boyfriend visited. ~
This little bit of palm-greasing guaranteed that she and her boyfriend would have some privacy. ~
Her little brother kept his word, and her parents never knew about the boyfriend’s visits.
These examples of palm-greasing may be secret but they are not illegal. They simply make something happen more quickly or easily.
And that brings us to the end of this Words and Their Stories. Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo.

现在是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
在这个节目中，我们探索英语中的单词和表达。并给出示例和用法说明。
今天我们谈论一些听起来很脏的东西，因为它确实是——给某人的手掌加油。
当我们grease someone 's palm时，我们给他们钱或其他有价值的东西来得到我们想要的东西。～
简单地说，这是一种贿赂行为。～
例如，如果有人给政府官员抹油，意思是这个人为了得到他们想要的东西偷偷地给官员钱。
你也可能听到这个表达和oil而不是grease一起使用。
油脂和机油有助于某些机器平稳工作。～
油脂和油都是黑色的滑溜溜的物质。当机械部件接触或磨合在一起时，它们可以防止摩擦。
你可能会说，贿赂他人以获得你想要的东西也是同样的道理。它能使整个过程更好地进行——至少对涂油的人来说是这样。
有时候，当我们收买某人时，并不像贿赂那么严重。
如果你曾经为了得到某人的帮助而偷偷地把钱放在某人的手里或手掌里，你已经给了他们油脂。～
但是别担心。贿赂并不总是违法的。～
有时它只是简化了一个过程或帮助避免长时间的等待。其他时候，它给你其他人所没有的访问权限。
例如，在餐馆里，你可以给别人钱而得到一个更好的座位。～
你也可以给导游钱，让他参观对别人封闭的地方。
我曾经有一个朋友，每当她的男朋友来拜访她时, 她总是向她的弟弟行贿。～
这一点贿赂保证了她和她男朋友有一些隐私。～
她的弟弟遵守了他的诺言，她的父母也从不知道她男朋友的来访。
这些涂油的例子可能是秘密的，但它们并不违法。它们只是让事情发生得更快更容易。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。我是 Anna Matteo。