Last week, my niece and I celebrated our birthdays together. We both turned 35 years old in the beginning of August. Her birthday is just a few days before mine. We celebrated by going to a lake and having lunch outside.
I had such a wonderful birthday.
Today, on Everyday Grammar, we will learn to describe our birthdays.
When people ask us the question “When is your birthday?” we can answer a few different ways.
We can use the season (spring, summer, autumn/fall, or winter), the month, or the day.
My birthday is in the summer.
Her father’s birthday is in March.
Last Sunday was her birthday.
His birthday is the 4th of May.
Remember that word “birthday” is different from “birthdate.” “Birthdate” is the exact date, like December, 7th, 1997. The word “birthday” can be the date, or you can answer more generally.
For example,
My niece’s birthday is in August.
Her birthdate is August 3rd.
When we want to say how old we are, we can use the present or future verb tenses depending on when our birthdays are. We can use the past tense with the verb “turn.”
If we are talking about a future birthday, say next year or in a few months, we can answer the question of “How old will you be?” with:
I will be + (age). Or… 
I’ll be + (number) years old.
In 2023, I will be 36 years old.
On your birthday, you can use the present tense.
Deborah is 55 today.
For the past tense, we can use the structure of the verb “be” + age (years old), but we generally use it to talk about past ages in reference to something else.
We can also use the verb “turn” to talk about how old we are. In this way “turn” means to reach or pass a certain age. Therefore, we can use the past tense with “turn” for talking about birthdays. For example:
I turned 35 this year.
This means that my birthday was in the past. I am still considered to be 35 years old after my birthday.
In the present tense, we can use “turn” to say that a birthday is “today.” As in,
Brad turns 60 today.
And to express a future birthday, we can use the same form, the present tense.
Kristen turns 41 this year.
This means that sometime this year (the near future), Kristen will be 41 years old.
We can use the modal verb of “will” with “turn” to express a future birthday.
I will turn 36 next year.
When talking about making plans for a birthday, someone may ask you: “What do you want to do for your birthday?”
You can answer with ideas of plans that you would like to do.
You can use the expressions: “I want to…” or “I would like to…” to be more polite.
You can even use the expression “I + be going to” if you have already made the plans, yourself.
She wants to go to a French restaurant for her birthday.
I’m going to celebrate with my friends later.
If your birthday has already past, someone may ask you,
“How was your birthday?”
You can answer by describing your birthday with an adjective.
My birthday party was wonderful.
Then they may ask you:
“What did you do for your birthday?”
You can answer in the past tense:
For my birthday this year, we went to an amusement park.
If someone wants to get you a gift for your birthday they may ask you:
“What do you want for your birthday?”
“What do you want on your birthday?”
If you want something for your birthday that means a gift, generally.
If you want something on your birthday that could be a party or to make some type of plans to celebrate on the actual date.
On my birthday next year, I would like to go to the countryside.
Please don’t buy me anything for my birthday.
After your birthday, people may ask what you received as a gift for your birthday:
“What did you get for your birthday?”
“What did you get on your birthday?”
You could say that you got or received something.
I got a cat for my birthday.
Or you could say what you got and who gave it to you.
My mom sent me a lovely birthday card in the mail.
Here is how you might tell about another’s birthday:
Her husband gave her jewelry for her birthday.
Let’s end this report with a homework assignment. In 5-8 sentences, write about your birthday this year. 
Try to use ideas that you have learned about in today’s report. You can use the question headings as your guide! 
Remember to use the correct verb tense depending on when your birthday is.
Send your writing to our email address: learningenglish@voanews.com
We will select one piece of writing and provide feedback and suggestions in a future report!
I’m Faith Pirlo And I’m Jill Robbins.

译文:
上周，我侄女和我一起庆祝了生日。8月初，我们都过了35岁生日。她的生日就在我生日的前几天。我们去湖边吃午饭来庆祝。
我过了一个如此美好的生日。
今天，在《每日语法》节目中，我们将学习如何描述我们的生日。
当人们问我们“你的生日是什么时候?”我们可以用几种不同的方式来回答。
我们可以用季节(春天，夏天，秋天/秋天，或者冬天)，月份，或者一天。
我的生日在夏天。
她父亲的生日在三月。
上周日是她的生日。
他的生日是5月4日。
记住“birthday”和“birthdate”是不同的。“生日”是准确的日期，比如1997年12月7日。“birthday”这个词可以是日期，或者你可以更一般化地回答。
例如,
我侄女的生日在八月。
她的生日是8月3日。
当我们想说我们多大的时候，我们可以使用现在或将来动词时态，这取决于我们的生日是什么时候。我们可以用动词turn的过去式。
如果我们谈论未来的生日，比如明年或几个月后，我们可以用下面的话回答“你多大了?”这个问题:
我将+(年龄)。还是……
我就+(数)岁了。
2023年，我将36岁。
在你生日的时候，你可以用现在时态。
黛博拉今天55岁了。
对于过去式，我们可以使用动词“be”+ age(年龄)的结构，但我们通常用它来谈论过去的年龄，指的是其他的事情。
我们也可以用动词turn来谈论我们的年龄。在这种情况下，“turn”意味着达到或超过某个年龄。因此，我们可以用过去式和turn一起来谈论生日。例如:
我今年35岁了。
这意味着我的生日是在过去。过了我的生日，我仍然被认为是35岁。
在现在时态中，我们可以用“turn”来表示生日是“today”。如,
布拉德今天60岁了。
要表达未来的生日，我们可以用同样的形式，现在时态。
克里斯汀今年41岁。
这意味着在今年(不久的将来)，克里斯汀就41岁了。
我们可以用“will”和“turn”的情态动词来表达未来的生日。
明年我就36岁了。
当谈到为生日做计划时，有人可能会问你:“你想为你的生日做什么?”
你可以用你想做的计划来回答。
你可以用这样的表达:“I want to…”或者“I would like to…”来变得更礼貌。
如果你自己已经制定了计划，你甚至可以使用“I + be going to”这个表达。
她想去一家法国餐厅过生日。
我待会儿要和朋友们一起庆祝。
如果你的生日已经过去，有人可能会问你，
“你的生日怎么样?”
你可以用一个形容词来描述你的生日。
我的生日聚会很精彩。
然后他们可能会问你:
“你生日那天做了什么?”
你可以用过去时回答:
今年我生日的时候，我们去了游乐园。
如果有人想送你一份生日礼物，他们可能会问你:
“你想要什么生日礼物?”
“你生日想要什么?”
如果你想要生日礼物，一般来说就是一份礼物。
如果你在生日那天想要什么，可以是一个派对，或者在实际的日子里做一些庆祝的计划。
明年我生日的时候，我想去农村。
请不要给我买任何生日礼物。
过生日后，人们可能会问你收到了什么生日礼物:
“你的生日礼物是什么?”
“你生日那天得到了什么?”
你可以说你得到或收到了什么东西。
我得到一只猫作为我的生日礼物。
或者你可以说你得到了什么，是谁给你的。
我妈妈寄给我一张可爱的生日贺卡。
下面是你谈论别人生日的方式:
她的丈夫送给她珠宝作为生日礼物。
让我们用家庭作业来结束这个报告。用5-8个句子写下你今年的生日。
试着运用你在今天的报告中所学到的观点。你可以使用问题标题作为你的指南!
记住要根据你的生日使用正确的动词时态。
请将您的文章发送到我们的电子邮箱:learningenglish@voanews.com
我们将选择一篇文章，在未来的报告中提供反馈和建议!
我是Faith Pirlo，我是Jill Robbins。