Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from Mahad, a reader of our website, about the difference between “other” and “another.”
Hello, I would like to know the difference between “another” and “other.” Mahad
Thank you for writing to us. 
Although we have written about the subject for Everyday Grammar, we will take a closer look at the differences between “other” and “another” in this week’s Ask a Teacher.
Let us discuss “other” as a determiner and as an adjective. 
An adjective describes a noun. Determiners also give information about nouns, but they describe things like how many or whose.
The word “other” can have many meanings such as “not included” or “remaining,” “different” or “distinct,” “additional,” and “different kinds of.”
And we use “other” with plural nouns and nouns that cannot be counted (noncount nouns). “Other” is also used to describe nouns in a general way.
There are other sports to watch on TV if football isn’t on.
In this example, “other” means “different kinds of.” So, instead of watching football, we can watch a different sport.
Is there other wood for the fire? This wood is damp.
The word “wood,” in this example, is a noncount noun. Here “other” means “different” wood, such as dry wood.
If we use “other” before some kinds of nouns, we must use another determiner before it, like “the.”
The word “the” makes the sentence more specific.
“The other” can be used with plural countable nouns, too.
My dog played with the other dog at the park. (The remaining dog)
My dog played with the other dogs at the park (The other remaining dogs)
In these sentences, “other” is used as an adjective because “the” is used as the determiner.
“Another” is a combination of “an” + “other.”
“Another” is a determiner. It is only used with singular nouns. It does not refer to anything or anyone specific.
It can mean “one more,” “an additional one of the same kind,” or “different from the first.”
Let’s look at some examples:
My dog played with another dog of her breed at the park.
In this example, “another” means “an additional one of the same kind.”
The sport of soccer has another name in many other countries. They call it football.
In this sentence, “another” means “one more.” (An additional or one more name for soccer)
Is there another kind of music that you play besides classical?
And here, “another” means “different from the first.” (A different kind of music than classical music)
The biggest difference between these two words is that “another” is always singular and does not describe anything specific. 
“Other” is used for plural and noncount nouns that are general. We only use “the other” to refer to specific nouns.
Please let us know if these examples and explanations have helped you, Mahad.
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo. 

译文:
你好!在本周的“有问必答”节目中，我们将回答Mahad提出的一个问题，他是我们网站的一位读者，关于“other”和“another”之间的区别。
你好，我想知道another和other的区别。Mahad
谢谢你给我们写信。
虽然我们已经在《每日语法》中写过这个主题，但在本周的《有问必答》中，我们将更仔细地看看other和another之间的区别。
让我们把“other”作为限定词和形容词来讨论。
形容词描述名词。限定词也提供关于名词的信息，但它们描述的东西像how many或whose。
单词“other”可以有许多含义，如“not included”或“remaining”，“different”或“distinct”，“additional”和“different kinds of”。
我们用other指代复数名词和不可数名词(不可数名词)。“Other”也可以用来描述一般的名词。
如果电视上没有足球节目，还有其他的体育节目可以看。
在这个例子中，“other”指的是“不同种类的”。所以，除了看足球，我们可以看其他的运动。
还有别的木柴生火吗?这块木头是湿的。
在这个例子中，“wood”是一个不可数名词。这里的“其他”指的是“不同的”木材，比如干木材。
如果我们在某些名词前使用“other”，我们必须在它之前使用另一个限定词，比如“the”。
单词“The”使句子更具体。
“The other”也可以和复数可数名词连用。
我的狗和另一只狗在公园玩。(剩下的狗)
我的狗在公园里和其他狗狗玩耍(剩下的其他狗狗)
在这些句子中，other被用作形容词，因为the被用作限定词。
“Another”是“an”+“other”的组合。
" Another "是限定词。它只用于单数名词。它不是指任何事或任何人具体。
它可以表示“one more”，“an additional one of the same kind”，或“different from the first”。
让我们来看一些例子:
我的狗在公园里和另一只同品种的狗玩耍。
在这个例子中，“another”的意思是“同一种类的另一个”。
足球运动在许多其他国家有另一个名字。他们称之为足球。
在这个句子中，“another”的意思是“多一个”。(足球的另一个或多个名称)
除了古典音乐，你还演奏其他类型的音乐吗?
在这里，“another”的意思是“与第一个不同”。(与古典音乐不同的一种音乐)
这两个词之间最大的区别是“another”总是单数，不描述任何具体的东西。
“Other”用于一般的复数名词和不可数名词。我们只使用“他者”来指代特定的名词。
请让我们知道这些例子和解释是否对你有帮助，Mahad。
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期节目内容。我是费斯皮尔洛。