And now, Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
On this program, we explore words and expressions in the English language. We give examples and notes on usage.
Today we talk about a word connected to Thanksgiving.
One of the traditional images of Thanksgiving is something called a cornucopia. ~
This is a container shaped like a goat’s horn. ~
And it is overflowing with many kinds of fruits and vegetables, such as gourds, ears of corn, apples, and grapes. ~
So, sometimes we call it a “horn of plenty.”
Plenty means to have a large amount of something. ~
For example, if you live in the land of plenty, you live in an area with lots of resources -- natural as well as social and financial.
But let’s get back to the word cornucopia. ~
This word describes a large amount or supply of something.
For example, the holiday table held a cornucopia of food and drink. ~
Anything you could possibly want for dinner was available.
While the image of a cornucopia involves food, we use it for an abundance of good things. ~
If something is abundant, there is plenty of it.
Here is another example.
A recent gathering offered a cornucopia of jobs from many industries. ~
Representatives from more than 200 companies were there offering jobs. There was something for everyone!
Sometimes the word cornucopia means there is an inexhaustible supply of something. ~
If you exhaust something you use it all up. ~
So, if something is inexhaustible it seems limitless –- like a bottomless pit.
For example, a library is a cornucopia of knowledge. ~
I could go into a library every day for the rest of my life and learn something new!
These examples have an abundance of good things: food, jobs, and knowledge. ~
We do not use the word cornucopia to describe an abundance of bad things.
Also note, we often add a prepositional phrase to explain what type of cornucopia it is: a cornucopia of food, a cornucopia of jobs, or a cornucopia of knowledge.
Now, let’s say that – for whatever reason – you are not a fan of the word cornucopia. ~
In the examples with jobs and knowledge, you could easily replace cornucopia with wealth. ~
In the food example, however, I would replace it with abundance or even bounty.
And that’s the end of this Words and Their Stories!
Don't forget to check out other programs at VOA Learning English. ~
Our website is a cornucopia of English learning materials.
Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo.

这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
在这个节目中，我们将探讨英语中的单词和表达。我们给出了用法的例子和注释。
今天我们谈论一个和感恩节有关的词。
感恩节的传统形象之一被称为 cornucopia(聚宝盆)。～
这是一个形状像山羊角的容器。～
它有许多种类的水果和蔬菜，如葫芦，玉米穗，苹果和葡萄。～
所以，有时我们称之为“horn of plenty(丰饶之角)”。
Plenty意思是拥有大量的某物。～
例如，如果你生活在the land of plenty，意思是你生活在一个资源丰富的地区，包括自然资源、社会资源和经济资源。
让我们回到cornucopia这个词。～
这个词描述的是某物的大量或供应。
例如，节日的餐桌上有丰富的食物和饮料。～
你晚餐想吃什么都可以买到。
虽然聚宝盆的形象涉及食物，但我们用它来指代丰富的好东西。～
如果某物是abundant，意思是有很多。
这里还有一个例子。
最近的一次聚会为许多行业提供了丰富的工作机会。～
来自200多家公司的代表在那里提供工作岗位。每个人都有适合自己的东西!
有时cornucopia这个词意味着某物取之不尽，用之不竭。～
如果你耗尽某物，你就是把它用光了。～
所以，如果某物是无穷尽的，它看起来是无限的——就像一个无底洞。
例如，图书馆是知识的聚宝盆。～
我可以在我的余生中每天都去图书馆学习新东西!
这些例子都有很多好的东西:食物、工作和知识。～
我们不会用cornucopia这个词来描述大量的坏事。
还要注意，我们经常添加一个介词短语来解释它是什么类型的丰饶之角:食物的丰饶之角，工作的丰饶之角，或者知识的丰饶之角。
现在，让我们假设——不管出于什么原因——你不喜欢cornucopia这个词。～
在工作和知识的例子中，你可以很容易地用 wealth 代替 cornucopia。～
然而，在食物的例子中，我会用 abundance 甚至 v 来代替它。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容!
不要忘记查看美国之音慢速英语的其他节目。～
我们的网站有丰富的英语学习资料。
下次见，我是 Anna Matteo。