Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from Mohammadreza from Iran about the difference between “famous” and “popular.”
Dear VOA teachers, Would you please let us know difference between the words “popular” and “famous,” and how to use them in our day-to-day speech? Thanks, Mohammadreza
Dear Mohammadreza, Thanks for writing to us and asking this question.
Famous and popular are both adjectives. The words may seem similar, but their meanings are very different.
Let’s start with famous.
“Famous” means known or recognized by many people. We often use the word when describing people.
For example, movie actors, singers and professional athletes can be described as famous.
For example: Taylor Swift is a famous singer-songwriter.
Some famous people are known to people around the world. Others may be famous in their home country.
Places can be famous, too. For example, the Eiffel Tower in France and the pyramids in Egypt are very famous.
Now let’s talk about popular. “Popular” means liked or enjoyed by many people.
One way we use “popular” is to talk about trends like “popular fashion” or “popular styles.”
For example: The bucket hat was a popular trend in the 1990s, and now younger generations are wearing it again today.
We also use popular to talk about people. 
For example, there are “popular students” at school. These people are generally well-liked by people in their class. They are not famous, though. People outside of the school probably do not know who they are.
Places can also be described as popular. If we describe a place as popular, we mean a lot of people like to go there.
“Famous” and “popular” mean different things. Just because someone is popular does not mean the person is famous. And some famous people might not be especially popular.
Let us compare these two examples:
This restaurant is famous.
In this example, we are saying that many people know about this restaurant. Maybe it has become known for a special kind of food it serves. Maybe it appeared on a television show.
This restaurant is popular.
In this example, we are saying that many people go to the restaurant. But it may just be the local population that knows about it.
Please let us know if these examples and explanations have helped you, Mohammedreza!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo.

译文:
你好!在本周的“有问必答”节目中，我们将回答来自伊朗的Mohammadreza关于“famous”和“popular”之间区别的问题。
亲爱的VOA老师，你能告诉我们“popular”和“famous”这两个词的区别，以及如何在我们的日常交流中使用它们吗?谢谢,Mohammadreza
亲爱的Mohammadreza，谢谢你写信问我们这个问题。
Famous和popular都是形容词。这两个词看起来很相似，但它们的意思却截然不同。
让我们从 famous 开始。
“famous”的意思是被许多人知道或承认。我们经常用这个词来形容人。
例如，电影演员、歌手和职业运动员都可以用famous来形容。
例如: Taylor Swift是一位著名的创作型歌手。
世界各地的人们都知道一些名人。其他人可能在他们的祖国很有名。
地方也可以很有名。例如，法国的埃菲尔铁塔和埃及的金字塔就很有名。
现在我们来谈谈流行。“Popular”的意思是被许多人喜欢或喜欢。
我们使用“popular”的一种方式是谈论流行趋势，如“流行时尚”或“流行风格”。
桶帽在20世纪90年代很流行，现在年轻一代又开始戴了。
我们也用popular来谈论人。
例如，学校里有“受欢迎的学生”。这些人通常在他们的班级里很受欢迎。不过，他们并不出名。学校之外的人可能不知道他们是谁。
一些地方也可以用popular来形容。如果我们描述一个地方很受欢迎，我们的意思是很多人喜欢去那里。
“famous”和“popular”是不同的意思。仅仅因为某人受欢迎并不意味着这个人很有名。一些名人可能不是特别受欢迎。
让我们来比较这两个例子:
This restaurant is famous.
在这个例子中，我们说很多人都知道这家餐厅。也许它因为一种特殊的食物而出名。也许它出现在电视节目上。
This restaurant is popular.
在这个例子中，我们说很多人去餐馆。但可能只有当地人知道。
Mohammedreza，请让我们知道这些例子和解释是否对你有帮助!
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期节目。我是Faith Pirlo。