Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question about the difference between “pointless” and “futile.”
Dear teacher,
I am Aiping from California.
I read the article "Who Brings Sand to the Beach?" ~
I wondered what is the difference between the words "pointless" and "futile?"
Thank you! I wish you all the best!
Aiping, your loyal reader.
Dear Aiping,
These two words are often used as synonyms or words that can be used to mean the same thing.
But there are slight differences in usage.
Let’s start with “pointless.”
“Pointless” is an adjective that means having no point, sense or purpose. ~
To be “pointless” is to be without meaning or aim.
For example, we can say:
It is pointless trying to talk to her… She will not listen.
Driving home right now is pointless because traffic is so heavy.
In a game or competition, “pointless” can also mean without a point scored.
The game remained pointless at the end of the first half.
“Futile” is also an adjective. It means not able to produce a desired result. It can mean ineffective or useless.
We worked on the project for hours, but failed to fix the problem. All of our attempts were futile.
Voting for that candidate would be futile as he did not win the nominating election.
The main difference between these two words, is that with “futile” there is a goal or aim that can not be reached by the methods attempted. ~
With “pointless” there is no goal or aim.
Please let us know if these explanations have helped you, Aiping!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo.

你好!本周的“有问必答”节目，我们将回答一个关于“pointless”和“futile”的区别的问题。
亲爱的老师,
我是来自加利福尼亚的 Aiping。
我读了一篇文章《谁把沙子带到海滩上?》～
我想知道“pointless”和“futile”这两个词有什么区别?
谢谢你！祝你一切都好!
Aiping，你忠实的读者。
亲爱的 Aiping,
这两个词通常用作同义词或可以用来表示同一件事的词。
但是在用法上有细微的差别。
让我们从“pointless”开始。
“pointless”是一个形容词，意思是没有意义、感觉或目的。～
To be “pointless”是指没有意义或目标。
例如，我们可以说:
试着和她说话是没有意义的，她不会听的。
现在开车回家没有意义，因为交通太拥挤了。
在比赛或比赛中，“pointless”也可以指没有得分。
上半场结束时，比赛仍然毫无意义。
“Futile”也是一个形容词。它的意思是不能产生预期的结果。它可以表示无效或无用。
我们在这个项目上工作了好几个小时，但还是没能解决问题。我们所有的努力都是徒劳的。
投票给那个候选人是徒劳的，因为他没有赢得提名选举。
这两个词的主要区别在于，“futile”指的是通过尝试的方法无法达到的目标或目的。～
“pointless”指的是没有目标或目的。
Aiping，请让我们知道这些解释是否对你有帮助!
你对美式英语有什么问题?给我们发邮件到learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期的《有问必答》。我是 Faith Pirlo。