And now, Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
On this program we talk about common expressions in the English language. We give examples. And we talk about when and how to use them.
Today we talk about pointless, useless actions. And we have a very descriptive expression to help us do that. For this expression, let’s go to the beach!
For a beach trip, we bring several things that can make the trip more enjoyable. ~
For example, a beach towel makes sitting on the sand more comfortable. Some people choose to bring a beach chair. ~
And a beach umbrella protects you from the sun’s powerful rays. ~
Swimming in the ocean can really make you hungry. So many people bring a cooler for food and drinks.
Making sandcastles on the beach is a fun activity. So, bringing sand-digging tools -- like a shovel -- and a bucket is a good idea. But you do not need to bring the sand. Most beaches have a lot of that already!
And that brings us to today’s expression: “bringing sand to the beach.”
“Bringing sand to the beach” describes actions that are pointless and unnecessary. The actions are futile. This means serving no purpose.
To bring sand to the beach can also mean overkill. Overkill means to do or have more than is necessary or useful.
Often when using this expression, we say "like." For example, bringing flowers to the opening of a florist is like bringing sand to the beach.
Now, let’s hear this expression used between two friends. They talk about an upcoming party and what they are bringing.
A: Hey, Ingrid’s yearly birthday party is tomorrow. What are you bringing?
B: I made a great music playlist. The songs I picked will definitely get people up and dancing. What about you?
A: I thought I’d bring my famous spinach dip.
B: Um, your spinach dip? You know, I wouldn’t bring food. Ingrid always makes too much food. And she is such a good cook. ~
Bringing food to her party is like bringing sand to the beach.
A: Well, I know Ingrid makes lots of great food. But she doesn’t make my spinach dip. Every party needs spinach dip!
B: I’ve tasted your spinach dip. No party needs that.
A: Ouch, that is so cold.
B: Why don’t you bring some balloons? Everyone likes balloons.
We usually use “like bringing sand to the beach” when bringing something to a location is unnecessary. But you can also say the same idea with different objects and locations.
For example, I could also say it is “like bringing a sandwich to a restaurant.” With this example, the meaning goes one step further. ~
It also means that what you are bringing (the sandwich) is of lesser quality than what you would find at the location (the restaurant).
And that’s all the time we have for this Words and Their Stories.
Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo.

译文:
这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
在本期节目中，我们将讨论英语中常见的表达方式。并给出例子。我们会讨论何时以及如何使用它们。
今天我们讨论无意义的、无用的行为。我们有一个描述性的表达来帮助我们做到这一点。为了这个表达，我们去海滩吧!
对于海滩旅行，我们会带一些能让旅行更愉快的东西。～
例如，沙滩浴巾让坐在沙滩上更舒服。有些人选择带一把沙滩椅。～
沙滩伞可以保护你免受强大的太阳射线的伤害。～
在海里游泳真的会让你饿。所以很多人会带一个冷藏箱来装食物和饮料。
在海滩上堆沙堡是一项有趣的活动。所以，带上挖沙工具——比如铲子——和水桶是个不错的主意。但是你不需要带沙子。大多数海滩已经有很多了!
这就引出了今天的短语:“bringing sand to the beach”。
“bringing sand to the beach”描述的是没有意义和不必要的行为。这些行动是徒劳的。这意味着毫无用处。
把沙子带到海滩上也意味着 overkill。Overkill的意思是做或拥有超过必要或有用的东西。(过犹不及)
通常使用这种表达时，我们说“like”。例如，带鲜花去花店的开幕式就像带沙子去海滩一样。
现在，我们来听听这个短语在两个朋友之间的应用。他们谈论即将到来的派对和他们要带来的东西。
A:嘿，明天是英格丽德的年度生日派对。你带来了什么?
B:我做了一个很棒的音乐播放列表。我选的歌一定会让人们站起来跳舞。你呢?
A:我想我要带我拿手的菠菜酱。
B:嗯，你的菠菜酱?你知道，我不会带食物的。英格丽总是做太多的食物。她是一个很好的厨师。～
带食物去她的派对就像带沙子去海滩。
A:嗯，我知道英格丽做很多好吃的食物。但她不会做我的菠菜酱。每个派对都需要菠菜酱!
B:我尝过你做的菠菜酱。没有哪个party需要。
A:哎哟，那太凉了。
B:你为什么不带一些气球呢?每个人都喜欢气球。
我们通常用like bring sand to the beach来表示把什么东西带到一个没有必要的地方。但是你也可以用不同的物体和地点来表达同样的意思。
例如，我也可以说它“就像带一个三明治去餐馆”。在这个例子中，这个意义又更进一步。～
这也意味着你带来的(三明治)质量不如你在当地(餐馆)找到的。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。
欢迎收看下期节目，我是Anna Matteo。