Imagine that you want to talk about your family or your friends. ~
Perhaps you want to describe your parents or classmates. ~
What kinds of structures should you use?
In today’s report, we will explore a point of connection between grammar and relationships: possessive pronouns. ~
You will learn the importance of these pronouns when talking about family, friends, and more.
We divide pronouns into different groups: subject pronouns, object pronouns and possessive pronouns.
When we describe relationships, we often use possessive pronouns. ~
Possessive pronouns take several forms and go by different names in English grammar books.
You might see terms such as dependent possessive pronoun, possessive determiner or possessive adjective.*
The terms suggest the same basic idea. ~
They act like determiners, appear before nouns and suggest relationships or belonging.
Possessive pronouns take different forms depending on if they are used in the first, second, or third person.
In the first person we have the singular form “my” and the plural form “our.”
So, a boy describing his father might say:
My father is very kind.
Or a person speaking on behalf of a family might say:
Our father is very kind.
In the second person, someone describing another person’s mother might say:
Your mother is very kind.
In the third person, we have singular forms: “his” and “her,” as in:
His mother is very kind.
Her mother is very kind.
We also have the plural form “their,” as in:
Their mother is very kind.
We can put possessive pronouns with the nouns that are important for describing relationships - friend, brother, sister, cousin, boss and so on.
So, you could say “My friend...,” “your cousin...,” “our boss...” and so on.
There are other kinds of pronouns that show possession and do not appear before nouns, but we will have to leave those for another program.
Let’s take some time to work with these ideas. ~
Use the first person singular along with the following terms to make a complete sentence.
...brother is older than me
Pause the audio while considering your answer.
Here is one possible answer:
My brother is older than me.
Now use the third person singular to describe a friend.
...friend is very funny
Pause the audio while considering your answer.
Here are two possible answers:
Her friend is very funny.
Or:
His friend is very funny.
Now use the second person singular to describe a boss.
…. boss is friendly.
Pause the audio while considering your answer.
Here is one possible answer:
Your boss is friendly.
It takes time getting used to first, second, and third person pronouns. ~
But when you develop a strong sense of how to use them, you will find it very easy to describe all kinds of relationships. ~
Unlike some vocabulary words and verb forms, possessive pronouns appear all the time in everyday speaking and in writing.
I’m John Russell.

想象一下，你想谈论你的家人或朋友。～
也许你想描述你的父母或同学。～
你应该使用什么样的结构?
在今天的报道中，我们将探讨语法和关系之间的一个连接点:所有格代词。～
在谈论家庭、朋友等时，你会意识到这些代词的重要性。
我们把代词分为不同的组:主语代词，宾语代词和所有格代词。
当我们描述关系时，我们经常使用所有格代词。～
所有格代词在英语语法书中有多种形式，有不同的名称。
你可能会看到从属所有格代词、所有格限定词或所有格形容词
这些术语表达了相同的基本思想。～
它们就像限定词一样，出现在名词之前，表示关系或归属。
所有格代词有不同的形式，取决于它们是用第一人称、第二人称还是第三人称。
在第一人称中我们有单数形式“my”和复数形式“our”。
所以，一个男孩描述他的父亲可能会说:
我的父亲很善良。
或者一个代表家庭发言的人可能会说:
我们的父亲很和蔼。
在第二人称中，描述另一个人母亲的人可能会说:
你妈妈很好。
在第三人称中，我们有单数形式:“his”和“her”，例如:
他的妈妈很和蔼。
她的妈妈很和蔼。
我们还有复数形式“their”，例如:
他们的妈妈很和蔼。
我们可以把所有格代词和那些对描述关系很重要的名词放在一起——朋友、兄弟、姐妹、表兄、老板等等。
所以，你可以说“我的朋友…”、“你表哥……”、“我们的老板……等等。
还有其他类型的代词表示占有，不出现在名词前面，但我们不得不把这些留到另一个节目。
让我们花点时间来研究这些想法。～
用第一人称单数和下列术语组成一个完整的句子。
.．.哥哥比我大
在考虑你的答案时暂停音频。
下面是一个可能的答案:
我哥哥比我大。
现在用第三人称单数来形容朋友。
我的朋友很有趣
在考虑你的答案时暂停音频。
以下是两种可能的答案:
她的朋友很有趣。
或者:
他的朋友很有趣。
现在用第二人称单数来描述老板。
．．．． 老板很友好。
在考虑你的答案时暂停音频。
下面是一个可能的答案:
你的老板很友好。
习惯第一人称、第二人称和第三人称代词需要时间。～
但是当你越来越理解如何使用它们时，你会发现描述各种关系是非常容易的。～
与某些词汇和动词形式不同，所有格代词在日常口语和写作中无时无刻不在出现。
我是约翰·拉塞尔。

learn - v. 认识到, 意识到. [V] or [V (that)] or [V to inf]

sense - n. 理解力, 判断力

possessive pronoun – n. a pronoun that suggests possession and relationships

determiner – n. a word (such as an article, possessive, or quantifier) that makes specific the meaning of a noun phrase

on behalf of – phrase as a representative of, in the interest of

vocabulary –n. all the words known and used by a person