And now, Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
On this program, we explore words and expressions in the English language. We give examples and notes on usage.
The United States is a very big country. So, getting from point A to point B can take a lot of time. Most people who live in the U.S. drive cars. So, it should come as no surprise that we have many car expressions.
Driving a vehicle is a big responsibility. After all, it is a heavy piece of machinery traveling at fast speeds. So, it is important to stay focused on the road.
You should pay close attention when driving. It is dangerous to drive when you are distracted or when you are tired. If you lose your focus, you could cause a crash.
The same could be said in other situations in life. And that brings us to our expression for today: to be asleep at the wheel.
This expression comes from the idea of someone falling asleep while driving a car. But as an idiom, it means someone is not paying attention or is focused on what they are doing. This can cause all kinds of problems.
If I am asleep at the wheel, I fail to see my responsibilities or duties. I am not paying attention to important issues for which I am responsible.
We often use this expression to describe a person who is not thinking about possible future problems. It can also be used when talking about a business or government that is not paying attention to problems waiting down the road.
Here is an example:
The government agency in charge of public health safety was asleep at the wheel on this issue.
Here is a workplace example:
Gabrielle was supposed to make sure all the contracts were signed by the deadline. But she fell asleep at the wheel and did not get her task done on time.
Anyone can fall asleep at the wheel and in any situation. Here is an example from the world of sports.
During an important game, the star goalie of the football team was asleep at the wheel. The other team was able to score easily.
In these examples, we used the verbs “to fall” or “to be” with this expression. Both are correct. And neither one is more common than the other. So, feel free to take your pick!
As we said earlier, this expression refers to someone who has fallen asleep while driving a vehicle. We have a similar expression that relates to someone falling asleep while operating a train.
That expression is “to fall asleep at the switch.” Here, “switch” refers to the controls on the train. Note that “falling asleep at the switch” is less commonly used.
And that is all the time we have for this Words and Their Stories.
When it comes to teaching English, VOA Learning English promises not to fall asleep at the wheel. We will stay focused on helping you improve your language skills! 
Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo.

译文:
这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
在这个节目中，我们探索英语中的单词和短语。我们给出了用法的例子和注释。
美国是一个很大的国家。所以，从A点到B点要花很多时间。大多数生活在美国的人都开车。所以，我们有很多关于汽车的表达就不足为奇了。
驾驶车辆是一项重大的责任。毕竟，它是一件高速移动的重型机械。所以，保持注意力集中在路上是很重要的。
开车时你要特别注意。当你分心或疲劳时开车是危险的。如果你失去了注意力，你可能会导致撞车。
这句话也适用于生活中的其他情况。这就引出了我们今天要学的短语:to sleep at the wheel。
这个表达来源于某人在开车时睡着了。但是作为一个习语，它的意思是某人没有注意或专注于他们正在做的事情。这会导致各种各样的问题。
如果我在方向盘上睡着了，我就看不到我的责任或义务。我没有注意到我应该负责的重要问题。
我们经常用这个短语来描述一个人没有考虑未来可能出现的问题。它也可以用于谈论企业或政府不关注即将出现的问题。
下面是一个例子:
负责公共健康安全的部门在这个问题上疏忽大意。
下面是一个工作场合的例子:
Gabrielle应该确保所有的合同在最后期限前都签好。但是她疏忽大意了，没有按时完成任务。
任何人都可以在方向盘上睡着，在任何情况下。这里有一个来自体育界的例子。
在一场重要的比赛中，足球队的明星守门员疏忽大意了。另一个队很容易得分了。
在这些例子中，我们用动词“to fall”或“to be”来搭配这个表达。两者都是正确的。两者都常见。所以，请随意选择!
我们之前说过，这个短语指的是开车时睡着的人。我们有一个类似的表达，与某人在操作火车时睡着有关。
这个短语就是“to fall asleep at the switch”。在这里，“开关”指的是火车上的控制器。注意，“fall asleep at the switch”不太常用。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。
说到教英语，美国之音慢速英语承诺不会疏忽大意。我们将专注于帮助你提高你的语言技能!
欢迎收看下期节目，我是Anna Matteo。