European Space Agency Releases Data on 2 Billion Stars 

The European Space Agency, or ESA, recently released detailed information on almost 2 billion stars in the Milky Way galaxy.
The data is being collected in an effort to create the most complete map yet of our galaxy.
The data was gathered from ESA’s Gaia space observatory.
Astronomers hope to use the data to better understand how stars are born and die, and how the Milky Way has changed over billions of years.
The data includes new information like the age, size, temperature and chemical properties of stars. 
This information can be used, for example, to find out which stars were born in another galaxy and then moved to the Milky Way.
“This is an incredible gold mine for astronomy,” said Antonella Vallenari. She helped lead a group of 450 scientists and engineers. 
They spent years turning the measurements collected by the space observatory into information that can be used.
Gaia was also able to find more than 100,000 starquakes. 
ESA compared starquakes to large tsunamis that go across stars. They appear to make the stars’ brightness change for a very short period of time. 
The events let scientists measure the stars’ density, interior rotation and inside temperature, said astrophysicist Conny Aerts.
The scientists have only collected information on about one percent of the Milky Way’s stars. 
But the Gaia mission is already providing enough information for about 1,600 scientific publications a year.
Project scientist Timo Prusti said the large number of stars observed makes it more likely that scientists will make discoveries.
“You have to observe a lot of objects in order to get the needle in the haystack,” he said.
Josef Aschbacher is head of ESA. He said the new data permits astronomers to understand forces in the galaxy. 
For example, it could show how our own solar system is moving inside the Milky Way.
“It is enabling things that would never be possible without this large number of data,” he said.
The Gaia data now being released also includes information on 800,000 binary stars, which are stars in orbit around another star. 
There is also data on several new planets outside the Solar System, hundreds of thousands of asteroids in the Solar System and millions of objects beyond our galaxy.
I’m Dan Novak.

欧洲航天局公布了20亿颗恒星数据

欧洲航天局(ESA)最近公布了银河系中近20亿颗恒星的详细信息。
收集这些数据是为了绘制银河系迄今为止最完整的地图。
这些数据来自欧洲航天局的盖亚太空天文台。
天文学家希望利用这些数据更好地了解恒星是如何诞生和消亡的，以及银河系在数十亿年里是如何变化的。
这些数据包括恒星的年龄、大小、温度和化学性质等新信息。
例如，这些信息可以用来找出哪些恒星诞生于另一个星系，然后移动到银河系。
Antonella Vallenari说:“这是天文学不可思议的金矿。”她帮助领导了一个由450名科学家和工程师组成的小组。
他们花了数年时间将太空天文台收集到的测量数据转化为可使用的信息。
盖亚还发现了超过10万次星震。
欧洲航天局将星震比作穿越恒星的大海啸。它们似乎使恒星的亮度在很短的时间内发生变化。
天体物理学家康尼·阿尔茨说，这些事件让科学家们可以测量恒星的密度、内部旋转和内部温度。
科学家们只收集了银河系大约百分之一恒星的信息。
但盖亚任务每年已经为大约1600份科学出版物提供了足够的信息。
项目科学家普鲁斯蒂说，观测到的大量恒星使科学家更有可能做出发现。
他说:“你必须观察很多物体，才能在大海捞针。”
Josef Aschbacher是欧洲航天局的负责人。他说，新的数据使天文学家能够理解星系中的力。
例如，它可以显示我们的太阳系是如何在银河系内运动的。
他说:“如果没有这些大量数据，这是不可能实现的。”
现在公布的盖亚数据还包括80万颗双星的信息，这些双星是围绕另一颗恒星运行的恒星。
还有关于太阳系外几颗新行星的数据，太阳系中数十万颗小行星的数据，以及银河系外数百万物体的数据。
我是丹·诺瓦克。
