Hollywood's Summer Movies: Something for Everyone 

It is Memorial Day weekend in the United States, a time many Americans consider the official start of summer. 
And that means the start of summer movie season, too!
The film industry in Hollywood, California, has produced some high-budget action films led by major movie stars that will open in the coming days and weeks. 
At least one is expected to be a blockbuster.
Top Gun: Maverick is a Paramount Pictures film starring Tom Cruise. It just opened May 27, after two years of pandemic postponements. 
Producer Jerry Bruckheimer said he never reconsidered his early decision to delay the film’s release until movie theaters were open again. 
He said he thinks the film requires a big screen for full enjoyment.
The filmmakers used a complex mix of camera equipment to get shots from high above the ground and inside military fighter airplanes.
“It’s the kind of movie that embraces the experience of going to the theater. It takes you away. It transports you. We always say: We’re in the transportation business. We transport you from one place to another, and that’s what ‘Top Gun’ does,” Bruckheimer said.
The movie industry has already had several notable hits in the past six months too, including Spider-Man: No Way Home. The film is now the third-highest selling film of all time. 
The Batman, The Lost City and Everything Everywhere All At Once also saw considerable profits. 
Hollywood hopes the momentum will only increase in the coming months.
“We’re still waiting for older audiences to come back. But it really feels like we’ve turned a corner,” said Jim Orr, a top official with Universal Pictures.
Before the pandemic, the summer movie season could produce over $4 billion in admissions sales. 
That is about 40 percent of the year’s total sales, reports Comscore media research company.
But in 2020, theaters were closed for the majority of the season and summer ticket sales fell sharply to $176 million. 
Last summer brought a clear improvement, with $1.7 billion in sales. 
But the total was still not close to normal earnings of the past. Many moviemakers chose to either delay releases further or to release films online.
Now, everyone is centered on theatrical releases. 
The ticketing service Fandango recently questioned more than 6,000 ticket-buyers. 
The company said 83 percent of people said they planned to see three or more movies in the theaters this summer. 
Streaming services may suffer. Netflix last month reported its first loss in streaming accounts in 10 years. 
It said it expects to lose 2 million accounts by summer’s end.
“Finally, it is movie time, with blockbuster after blockbuster after blockbuster after blockbuster,” said Adam Aron. 
He is chairman and CEO of AMC Theatres, the nation’s largest theater corporation. 
He praised movie series like Doctor Strange 2, Top Gun 2, and Jurassic World: Dominion, which comes out June 10.
Later in the summer, movie goers can see actor Chris Hemsworth’s return as the lead in Marvel Cinematic Universe’s Thor series.  The third installment Thor: Love and Thunder comes out July 8. 
Hemsworth has played Thor from the series beginning in 2011. This time, however, Hemsworth also served as a top producer on the film.
Adam Aron also noted what he called “new film concepts” that open this summer, like actor-director Jordan Peele’s movie, Nope. 
Like his other films, Peele combines science fiction and horror in a story of a community that witnesses a mysterious and powerful event. Nope is set for release July 22.
Paul Dergarabedian is the lead media expert for Comscore. He said the movie business this summer could reach the heights it saw in 2019.
On their own, Thor and other superhero movies cannot support a healthy or especially appealing film world, experts suggest. 
The industry needs to make different kinds of movies for theaters to survive.
“We have something for every audience,” said Orr, the Universal Pictures official.
Along with Jurassic Park, Universal’s summer movies include animated family films, thrillers and horrors.
Funny movies, called comedies, are also waiting for release.
Universal’s Easter Sunday tells a story about a large Filipino-American family that gathers to observe a major holiday. But some members do not get along and behave badly --- and humorously. The movie opens August 5.
If you are a book lover, several summer films may hold special appeal, like Where the Crawdads Sing from director Olivia Newman. 
The movie is based on the 2018 book of the same name by writer Delia Jones. It tells about a poor, uneducated girl, left by her parents to raise herself. 
The film is set in North Carolina in the 1950s and ‘60s, with Daisy Edgar-Jones starring as Kya.
Bullet Train, starring Brad Pitt and Sandra Bullock, is based on the Japanese book Maria Beetle by Kotaro Isaka. 
The movie is a thriller and a comedy about a trained killer who wants to get out of the assassination business. It will arrive in theaters August 5.
Many summer movies will be available on streaming services, too. But producer Jerry Bruckheimer suggests there is room for both online and theater presentation.
“It all depends on the movies. It’s always about the movies. If there’s stuff people want to see, they’re going to show up,” he said.
He added, “You have a kitchen in your apartment or home, but you like to go out to eat. You want a different meal.”
I’m Caty Weaver. And I’m Ashley Thompson.


在美国，这是阵亡将士纪念日的周末，许多美国人认为这是夏天正式开始的时候。
这也意味着夏季电影季的开始!
加州好莱坞的电影产业已经制作了一些由主要电影明星领衔的高成本动作片，这些电影将在未来几天或几周内上映。
至少有一部有望成为大片。
《壮志凌云:特立独行》是派拉蒙影业公司出品的电影，由汤姆·克鲁斯主演。在大流行推迟两年之后，它刚刚于5月27日开放。
制片人杰瑞·布鲁克海默(Jerry Bruckheimer)说，他从来没有重新考虑过自己早先的决定，即推迟影片上映，直到电影院重新开放。
他说，他认为这部电影需要在大屏幕上放映才能得到充分的享受。
电影制作人使用了复杂的摄影设备组合，从高空和军用战斗机内拍摄。
“这是一种拥抱去电影院的体验的电影。它会带走你。它传输。我们总是说:我们是做运输生意的。我们把你从一个地方带到另一个地方，这就是《壮志凌云》所做的，”布鲁克海默说。
在过去的六个月里，电影行业也已经有了几部值得注意的大片，包括《蜘蛛侠:绝路》。这部电影现在是史上第三卖座的电影。
《蝙蝠侠》、《失落之城》和《一切都在一起》也获得了可观的利润。
好莱坞希望这一势头在未来几个月只会继续增长。
“我们仍在等待老观众的回归。但我们真的感觉到了转机，”环球影业的高级官员吉姆·奥尔(Jim Orr)说。
在大流行之前，夏季电影季的票房收入可能超过40亿美元。
据媒体研究公司Comscore报道，这大约是全年总销售额的40%。
但在2020年，影院在本季的大部分时间都关闭了，夏季票房收入大幅下降至1.76亿美元。
去年夏天的情况有了明显改善，销售额达到17亿美元。
但这一总数仍未接近过去的正常收入。许多电影制作人要么选择进一步推迟上映，要么选择在网上上映。
现在，所有人都在关注影院上映。
票务服务机构Fandango最近询问了6000多名购票者。
该公司表示，83%的人表示，他们计划今年夏天在影院看三部或三部以上的电影。
流媒体服务可能会受到影响。Netflix上月报告称，其流媒体账户10年来首次出现亏损。
该公司表示，预计到今年夏末将损失200万账户。
亚当·阿伦说:“终于到了电影时代，一部接一部的大片。”
他是美国最大的剧院公司AMC剧院的董事长兼首席执行官。
他称赞了《奇异博士2》、《壮志凌云2》和6月10日上映的《侏罗纪世界:统治》等系列电影。
今年夏天晚些时候，影迷们可以看到克里斯·海姆斯沃斯作为漫威电影宇宙《雷神》系列的主演回归。《雷神3:爱情与雷霆》将于7月8日上映。
海姆斯沃斯在2011年的《雷神》中扮演雷神。然而，这一次，海姆斯沃斯还担任了这部电影的顶级制片人。
亚当·阿伦还提到了今年夏天即将上映的“新电影概念”，比如演员兼导演乔丹·皮尔的电影《不》。
和他的其他电影一样，皮尔将科幻和恐怖结合在一起，讲述了一个社区目睹了一个神秘而强大的事件的故事。《不》将于7月22日上映。
Paul Dergarabedian是Comscore的首席媒体专家。他表示，今年夏天的电影行业可能会达到2019年的高度。
专家表示，雷神和其他超级英雄电影本身无法支撑一个健康或特别有吸引力的电影世界。
为了电影院的生存，电影产业需要制作不同类型的电影。
“我们有适合每一位观众的东西，”环球影业的官员奥尔说。
除了《侏罗纪公园》，环球影业的暑期档电影还包括家庭动画电影、惊悚片和恐怖片。
被称为喜剧的搞笑电影也在等待上映。
环球影城的复活节讲述了一个菲律宾裔美国家庭聚集在一起庆祝一个重大节日的故事。但有些成员相处不融洽，行为不端——而且很幽默。该片将于8月5日上映。
如果你是一个书迷，那么有几部暑期电影可能会对你有特别的吸引力，比如奥利维亚·纽曼导演的《小龙虾在哪里唱歌》。
这部电影改编自作家迪莉娅·琼斯2018年出版的同名小说。它讲述了一个贫穷的、没有受过教育的女孩，被父母遗弃自食其力。
这部电影的故事发生在上世纪五六十年代的北卡罗来纳州，由黛西·埃德加-琼斯饰演Kya。
布拉德·皮特和桑德拉·布洛克主演的《子弹头列车》改编自伊坂幸太郎的日本小说《玛丽亚·甲壳虫》。
这部电影是一部惊悚片和喜剧，讲述了一个训练有素的杀手想要摆脱暗杀的生意。该片将于8月5日上映。
许多夏季电影也将在流媒体服务上播放。但制片人杰里·布鲁克海默(Jerry Bruckheimer)表示，在线和戏剧展示都有空间。
“这完全取决于电影。总是和电影有关。如果有人们想看的东西，他们就会出现，”他说。
他补充说，“你的公寓或家里有一个厨房，但你喜欢出去吃饭。你想要一顿不一样的饭。”
我是凯蒂韦弗。我是阿什利·汤普森。