Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question about three verbs, “restrain,” “refrain,” and “restrict.”
Dear Teacher,
I am Anora, your loyal reader from China. I'm glad to write this email. ~
I am confused by the words “restrain,” “refrain,” and “restrict.” ~
I sincerely hope to know their differences. Looking forward to your wonderful answers.
Yours, Anora.
Dear Anora,
Thanks for writing to us! This is an interesting question. ~
These words appear similar, but they are different in their meanings, use, and especially whether they take a direct object or not.
Let’s look at each word and compare!
Restrain is a verb that takes a direct object. In grammar, this means that it is transitive.
The first meaning is that you limit or prevent a person or even an animal from doing something.
I must restrain my cat with a leash when going outside.
Another meaning is that you prevent someone from doing something or deny them freedom by using physical force or official power. For example,
You should never restrain someone having a seizure by holding them down.
You can restrain yourself or others from some kind of action through methods of control. ~
Like restraining your emotions or limiting yourself in some way.
I restrained myself from having another piece of pie on Thanksgiving.
You can also restrain things from getting too large.
The government raised interest rates in hopes of restraining inflation.
Refrain is a verb that does not take a direct object; it is intransitive.
To refrain means that you stop yourself from doing something by choice.
I’m refraining from buying anything on Black Friday. There are better sales right before the holidays.
Refrain is also a noun. In music, it means a repeated part of a song, such as a melody or chorus.
We often remember refrains of songs because they are repeated.
It can also mean a word, phrase or saying that is repeated such as in a poem or song.
Lana Del Rey uses the refrain “red dress” in many of her songs.
Let’s move on to “restrict.”
Restrict is a verb that takes a direct object. It means to put a limit on something or to reduce or prevent it.
In the US, the government restricts anyone under 18 years of age from voting in elections.
If you restrict a person or animal “to” something else, you have limited them to one thing.
They restrict their dog to a special diet for his health.
You can restrict something to a particular group or place.
During the height of the pandemic, many countries restricted entry to hospitals to authorized people or patients.
Please let us know if these explanations and examples have helped you!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo.

你好!本周的“有问必答”节目，我们将回答一个关于三个动词的问题，“restrain,” “refrain,” and “restrict.”。
亲爱的老师,
我是Anora，来自中国的忠实读者。我很高兴写这封邮件。～
我被“restrain,” “refrain,” and “restrict.”这三个词弄糊涂了。~
我真诚地希望知道他们的不同之处。期待你的精彩回答。
你的,Anora。
亲爱的 Anora,
谢谢你给我们写信!这是一个有趣的问题。～
这些词看起来很相似，但它们在意思、用法、是否带直接宾语上都有不同。
让我们看看每个单词并进行比较!
Restrain 是带直接宾语的动词。在语法中，这意味着它是及物的。
第一个意思是你限制或阻止一个人甚至动物做某事。
我出去时必须用皮带把猫拴住。
另一个意思是你用武力或官方权力阻止某人做某事或剥夺他们的自由。例如:
你绝不能通过按住癫痫发作的人来抑制他们。
你可以通过控制的方法来限制自己或他人的某种行为。～
比如抑制自己的情绪，或者以某种方式限制自己。
感恩节那天我克制自己不再吃馅饼了。
你也可以控制东西不要太大。
政府提高利率，希望抑制通货膨胀。
Refrain是不带直接宾语的动词;它是不及物动词。
克制的意思是你选择阻止自己做某事。
我不会在黑色星期五买任何东西。节前有更好的促销。
Refrain 也是一个名词。在音乐中，它指歌曲中重复的部分，如旋律或副歌部分。
我们经常记住歌曲的副歌，因为它们是重复的。
它也可以指在诗歌或歌曲中重复出现的一个词、短语或一句话。
Lana Del Rey 在她的许多歌曲中都使用了重复句“red dress”。
让我们继续讨论 “restrict”。
Restrict是带直接宾语的动词。它的意思是限制某事，减少或防止某事。
在美国，政府限制18岁以下的人参加选举投票。
如果你 restrict 一个人或动物 to 别的东西上，你就把他们限制在了一件事上。
为了狗的健康，他们限制它吃特殊的食物。(它只能吃特殊事物)
你可以把某物限制在一个特定的群体或地方。
在大流行最严重的时期，许多国家限制授权人员或患者进入医院。(只有授权人员和患者能进入医院)
请让我们知道这些解释和例子是否对你有帮助!
你对美式英语有什么问题?给我们发邮件到learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期的“有问必答”。我是 Faith Pirlo。