Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from Tahir about the difference between linking verbs and helping verbs.
Hello, What is the difference between the verb “is” in these two sentences?
He is a doctor.
Is he a doctor?
I know the first one is a linking verb. Is the second verb a linking verb or helping verb? Thanks! Tahir
Thank you Tahir for writing to us. Before I answer your question, let’s talk about the difference between linking verbs and helping verbs.
A linking verb connects the subject of a sentence with more information about the subject. It is not an action verb. 
The verb “to be” and all of its forms are the most common linking verb. 
Other linking verbs include, “become,” “seem”, and sense verbs like “feel” and “smell” in some sentences.
Here is an example of a linking verb.
My cat is 3 years old.
The verb in this sentence, “is,” connects the subject “my cat” to more information about him - that he is 3 years old.
Helping or auxiliary verbs are also used along with a main verb. Auxiliary verbs “help” the main verb and the rest of the sentence by giving additional information about the verb, like tense.
We have three main helping verbs in English “be,” “do,” and “have.”
Here is an example of a helping verb.
My cat is watching birds from the window.
In the sentence the helping verb is “to be” in the third person singular (is). It is helping the verb “watch” along with the present participle ending –ing to become the present progressive tense.
In this sentence, the verb “is” cannot stand on its own. It needs a main verb, like “watch.”
Back to your question, Tahir.
In your first example the verb “is” is a linking verb.
He is a doctor.
The verb “is” connects the subject of “he” with the rest of the sentence that describes the subject. 
Here the verb “is” can stand on its own without another main verb. So it is not a helping or auxiliary verb.
The second example is actually a yes or no question.
We switch the verb to the first position and the subject to the second position to get a question.
Is he a doctor?
In this question, “is” has a special status called an operator. 
It does not need another helping or auxiliary verb to make a question because it had the role as a linking verb in the original sentence.
Here is another example of a linking verb changing to an operator within a question:
Is Washington, D.C. the capital of the United States?
The answer would be of course “Yes, Washington, D.C is the capital of the United States.”
In the sentence, the linking verb “is” connects Washington D.C. with the rest of the information about the city.
In the question form, “is” begins the question as an operator. It switches places with the subject Washington, D.C. to create the question.
To tell if the verb “to be” is a linking verb or a helping verb, see if there another verb in the sentence.
If there is, then “to be” acts as a helping or auxiliary verb.
If “to be” is alone and connects the subject to more information about it, then it is a linking verb.
Please let us know if these examples and explanations have helped you, Tahir!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo.

译文:
你好!本周的“问老师”节目中，我们将回答Tahir提出的有关连系动词和助动词区别的问题。
你好，动词“is”在这两个句子中的区别是什么?
He is a doctor.
Is he a doctor?
我知道第一个 "is" 是系动词。第二个"is"是系动词还是助动词?谢谢!Tahir
感谢Tahir给我们写信。在我回答你的问题之前，让我们谈谈系动词和助动词的区别。
连系动词将句子的主语与有关主语的更多信息联系起来。它不是一个动作动词。
动词“to be”及其所有形式是最常见的连系动词。
其他的连系动词包括，“become”，“seem”，以及一些句子中的感觉动词“feel”和“smell”。
这里有一个连系动词的例子。
My cat is 3 years old.
这个句子中的动词“is”将主语“my cat”与更多关于它的信息联系起来——它3岁了。
此外帮助动词或助动词可以和主要动词一起使用。助动词通过提供动词的附加信息(如时态)来“帮助”主要动词和句子的其余部分。
英语中有三个主要的助动词be, do和have。
下面是助动词的一个例子。
My cat is watching birds from the window。
在句子中助动词是第三人称单数(is)的“to be”。它帮助动词“watch”和现在分词词尾"-ing"走在一起, 成为现在进行时。
在这个句子中，动词“is”不能单独使用。它需要一个主动词，比如“watch”。
回到你的问题，Tahir。
在第一个例子中，动词“is”是连系动词。
He is a doctor.
动词“is”将主语“he”与句子中描述主语的其余部分连接起来。
在这里，动词“is”可以独立存在，不需要另一个主要动词。所以它不是一个帮助动词或助动词。
第二个例子实际上是一个“是”或“否”的问题。
我们把动词放在第一个位置，把主语放在第二个位置，这样就得到了一个疑问句。
Is he a doctor?
在这个问题中，“is”有一种特殊的状态，称为运算符。
它不需要另一个助动词来构成疑问句，因为它在原句中起着连系动词的作用。
下面是另一个系动词在疑问句中变成操作符的例子:
Is Washington, D.C. the capital of the United States?
答案当然是“Yes, Washington, D.C is the capital of the United States。”
在句子中，连系动词“is”将华盛顿特区与这座城市的其他信息连接起来。
在疑问句中，“is”作为一个运算符开头。它与华盛顿特区的主题互换，产生了这个问题。
要判断“To be”是连系动词还是助动词，看句子中是否有其他动词。
如果有，那么“to be”充当帮助动词或助动词。
如果“to be”是单独的，并且连接了主语和更多关于它的信息，那么它是一个连系动词。
Tahir，请让我们知道这些例子和解释是否对你有帮助!
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期节目内容。我是费斯皮尔洛。