Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from Yusuf about the difference between “mine” and “quarry.”
Hi VOA learning team, Would you please help me to understand the difference between “quarry” and “mine?” Thanks, Yusuf
Dear Yusuf, This is a great question! Thank you for asking it!
Both “mine” and “quarry” can be used as nouns and verbs. Their meanings are related but are different in important ways. 
Let us start with the word “mine.”
As a noun, a “mine” is a hole dug underground to recover minerals and other valuable substances from the earth. For example,
Recently, a large pink diamond was found in a mine in the African country of Angola.
“Mine” as a noun has another meaning.
A mine is a bomb that is hidden underground as a defensive weapon. These land mines cause many deaths, even long after a war is over.
Large pouch rats in Africa are trained to find land mines by using their sense of smell.
A floating mine can also be put in the sea as a weapon against ships.
A “mine” can also be any large supply of a resource. For example:
There is a mine of information on the internet.
“Mine” can also be a verb. “To mine” means to dig useful or valuable substances out of the earth.
Americans went west to California in the mid-1800s to mine for gold. This is called the California Gold Rush.
A “quarry,” like a mine, is a place where valuable minerals or rocks are recovered, but it is open on the earth’s surface rather than underground. 
Rocks, sand and minerals are removed from quarries. Big pieces of stone like limestone and granite and some minerals are removed from quarries as building materials.
The Ancient Egyptians cut huge blocks of limestone and granite from quarries to build the Great Pyramids.
The noun “quarry” has another meaning. It can be an animal or even a person that is hunted.
The dogs chased their quarry through the field.
“Quarry” as a verb can mean to take or dig from.
There are many sites in the United States where you can quarry for fossils.
The use of “quarry” and “mine” is sometimes linked to the kind of mineral being recovered. So, limestone is almost always quarried while diamonds are usually mined.
So, a “mine” is a hole underground that is used to remove minerals and valuable substances from the earth. 
A “quarry” is like a mine but is on the surface of the earth and usually is used to remove large pieces of stone, sand or minerals. It can also be something that is hunted or sought after.
Both “quarry” and “mine,” as verbs, mean to dig something out of the earth.
Please let us know if these examples and explanations have helped you, Yusuf!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo. 

译文:
你好!在本周的“有问必答”节目中，我们将回答Yusuf提出的关于“mine”和“quarry”的区别的问题。
你好VOA学习团队，你能帮我理解“采石场”和“我的”之间的区别吗?谢谢,Yusuf
这是一个很好的问题!谢谢你的提问!
mine和quarry都可以做名词和动词。它们的含义是相关的，但在重要的方面是不同的。
让我们从“mine”这个词开始。
作为名词，“mine”是指从地下挖的洞，用来从地球上回收矿物和其他有价值的物质。例如,
最近，在非洲国家安哥拉的一个矿山中发现了一颗巨大的粉色钻石。
“Mine”作为名词有另一层意思。
地雷是隐藏在地下作为防御武器的炸弹。这些地雷造成许多人死亡，即使在战争结束很久以后。
非洲的大袋鼠被训练用它们的嗅觉来寻找地雷。
浮动水雷也可以放置在海上作为对抗船只的武器。
“mine”也可以是任何大量供应的资源。例如:
互联网上有一个信息宝库。
“Mine”也可以是动词。“mine”的意思是从地下挖出有用或有价值的物质。
19世纪中期，美国人前往加利福尼亚西部开采黄金。这就是所谓的加州淘金热。
“quarry”，就像矿场一样，是一个可以回收有价值的矿物或岩石的地方，但它是在地表而不是地下开采的。
岩石、沙子和矿物质都是从采石场移走的。像石灰石和花岗岩这样的大块石头和一些矿物质被从采石场移走作为建筑材料。
古埃及人从采石场凿出巨大的石灰石和花岗岩来建造大金字塔。
名词“quarry”还有另一个意思。它可以是被猎杀的动物，甚至是人。
狗在田野里追逐他们的猎物。
Quarry(采石场)做动词的时候可以指"带走或挖走某物."
在美国有很多遗址，你可以在那里采掘化石。
“Quarry”和“mine”的使用有时与回收的矿物种类有关。因此，石灰石几乎总是被开采，而钻石通常被开采。
所以，“mine”是一个地下的洞，用来从地球上除去矿物质和有价值的物质。
“quarry”(采石场)就像矿场一样，但是它在地表，通常用来挖开大块的石头、沙子或矿石。它也可以是被猎杀或追求的东西。
“quarry”和“mine”作为动词都是指从地里挖东西。
请让我们知道这些例子和解释是否帮助了你，Yusuf!
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期节目。我是Faith Pirlo. 