Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from Yousra, from Egypt, about how to use hyphens when making a compound adjective.
Hello, my name is Yousra from Egypt.
I would like to know when I should use a hyphen (-) between two words like, “top-selling” or “well-being.” Thanks.
Dear Yousra, Thank you for your question! In this week’s program, we will explain how to use hyphens to make compound adjectives.
A hyphen (-) is used to combine two or more words together to create a compound word.
Do not confuse a hyphen with a longer dash (–). In writing, we use a longer dash like a comma, (,) or a period (.) to separate sentences.
Compound adjectives are modifiers formed by combining adjectives with other adjectives, nouns, and even adverbs. 
We use them as a single expression to describe the noun that comes after.
The compound adjective “top-selling” from your question is a great example.
The top-selling employee had the most sales for the month.
Here, the two adjectives, “top” and “selling” are combined into one to describe the employee. “Top-selling” means “having the most sales.”
We use hyphens to create compound adjectives, but there are some important rules for creating them with hyphens.
1. Only use a hyphen when the two words could be misunderstood, and the compound adjective acts together as a single expression. Here is an example:
The well behaved cat slept all day. (no hyphen, incorrect)
The well-behaved cat slept all day. (hyphen, correct)
In this example, “well-behaved” acts like one expression.
If we separate the two words “well” and “behaved”, the sentence does not make sense. And it could be misunderstood.
2. Use only a hyphen in a compound adjective when it comes before a noun. Example:
I love old-fashioned clothes. (Hyphen, correct)
I love clothes that are old-fashioned. (Hyphen, incorrect)
I love clothes that are old fashioned. (No hyphen, correct)
3. You do not need a hyphen between an adverb and an adjective, especially when using a present participle adjective or a past participle adjective.
The urgently-needed doctor arrived on time. (Hyphen, incorrect)
The urgently needed doctor arrived on time. (No hyphen, correct)
These are just a few basic rules to help you create compound adjectives when writing or speaking. 
Please let us know if these rules, explanations, and examples have helped you, Yousra.
Next week on Ask a Teacher, we will explore using hyphens to create compound nouns!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com.
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo.

译文

你好!在本周的“请教老师”节目中，我们将回答来自埃及的尤斯拉的问题，关于如何在复合形容词中使用连字符。
大家好，我是尤斯拉，来自埃及。
我想知道什么时候应该在“top-selling”或“well-being”这两个词之间使用连字符(-)。谢谢。
亲爱的尤斯拉:谢谢你的提问!在本周的节目中，我们将解释如何使用连字符来构成复合形容词。
连字符(-)用于将两个或多个单词组合在一起以创建一个复合词。
不要把连字符和长破折号(–)混淆。在写作中，我们使用长破折号分隔句子, 就像使用逗号或句号那样。
复合形容词是由形容词与其他形容词、名词甚至副词组合而成的修饰语。
我们用它们作为一个单独的表达来描述后面的名词。
你的问题中的复合形容词“top-selling”就是一个很好的例子。
销售业绩最好的员工当月的销售额最高。
在这里，“top”和“selling”这两个形容词组合在一起来描述员工。"top-selling"的意思是“销量最高”。
我们使用连字符来创建复合形容词，但是使用连字符有一些重要的规则。
1. 只有在两个词可能被误解的时候才使用连字符，复合形容词作为一个单一的表达。下面是一个例子:
The well behaved cat slept all day. (没有连字符,不正确)
The well-behaved cat slept all day. (有连字符,正确)
这里的“well-behaved”是一个完整表达。
如果我们把“well”和“performed”这两个词分开，这个句子就没有意义了。这可能会被误解。
2. 两个形容词出现在名词之前时，只能使用连字符。例子:
I love old-fashioned clothes. (有连字符,正确)
I love clothes that are old-fashioned. (有连字符,不正确)
I love clothes that are old fashioned.(没有连字符,正确)
3.副词和形容词之间不需要连字符，特别是当使用现在分词形容词或过去分词形容词时。
The urgently-needed doctor arrived on time.(有连字符,不正确)
The urgently needed doctor arrived on time.(没有连字符,正确)
这些只是一些基本规则，可以帮助你在写作或口语中创建复合形容词。
请让我们知道这些规则、解释和例子是否对你有帮助，尤斯拉。
下周的“请教老师”节目中，我们将探讨如何使用连字符来创建复合名词!
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com。
以上就是本期的内容。我是费斯皮尔洛。