Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question about the difference between “haven” and “sanctuary.”
Hello teacher, I am Ghulammohammad from Afghanistan. I am confused by the words “haven” and “sanctuary.”
Thanks, Ghulammohammad
Dear Ghulammohammad, Thanks for writing to us. ~
These words can mean the same thing, but they also have their own meanings and uses.
Let’s explore each of them with some examples.
“Haven” is a noun and it has several different meanings.
In the past, a “haven” was a harbor for ships that was protected from the sea.
Over the centuries, this meaning has fallen out of use. But you might see it used as a part of a name of a place near a harbor.
It is helpful to know the past meaning of haven to understand the current usage of the word. ~
The modern meaning of “haven” is a place that provides safety or refuge.
For example,
Mother birds use a nest as a haven for their baby birds.
We often use “haven” with the adjective “safe,” as in “safe haven.”
The local youth center provides a safe haven for children after school.
It can also be used to describe a place that offers a lot of opportunities for certain kinds of people. For example:
The restaurant is a haven for local artists to share their work.
Now, let’s turn to “sanctuary.”
“Sanctuary” is a noun with several different meanings.
In religion, a “sanctuary” is a holy place or room for religious services. For example,
The leader of the church addresses the attendees from the sanctuary.
Members of the choir sit near the church sanctuary.
Over time, the meaning and use has changed. ~
Churches have at times permitted people to seek shelter and refuge inside the building. ~
This created the idea of the sanctuaries as being safe places. So now, “sanctuary” means a place where someone or something is protected or given shelter.
It can also mean a place where one can find peace.
The garden was her sanctuary after work, a place where she was able to relax.
A “sanctuary” is also a protected space for animals to live freely and away from danger. There are many wildlife sanctuaries around the world.
Lions and tigers have been placed in big cat sanctuaries where they are free and are not hunted.
Lastly, as an adjective, “sanctuary” is used to describe areas in the United States where local law enforcement has a limited ability to oversee federal laws related to immigration.
States like California, New Mexico, New York, and Vermont are all sanctuary states.
This means that undocumented people will not be asked about their immigration status.
Please let us know if these explanations and examples have helped you!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo.

你好!本周的“有问必答”节目，我们将回答一个关于“haven”和“sanctuary”的区别的问题。
老师好，我是来自阿富汗的Ghulammohammad。我被“haven”和“sanctuary”这两个词搞混了
谢谢,Ghulammohammad
亲爱的Ghulammohammad，谢谢你给我们写信。～
这些词的意思是一样的，但它们也有自己的意思和用法。
让我们通过一些例子来探讨它们。
“Haven”是一个名词，它有几种不同的意思。
在过去，“Haven”是用来保护船只不受大海侵袭的港口。
几个世纪以来，这个意思已经不再使用了。但你可能会看到它被用作港口附近地名的一部分。
了解haven过去的意思对了解haven现在的用法是有帮助的。～
“Haven”的现代含义是提供安全或庇护的地方。
例如,
鸟妈妈用鸟巢作为鸟宝宝的避难所。
我们经常把“haven”和形容词“safe”连用，比如在“safe haven”中。
当地的青年中心为放学后的孩子们提供安全的避风港。
它也可以用来描述一个为某些人提供很多机会的地方。例如:
这家餐厅是当地艺术家分享作品的天堂。
现在，让我们转向“sanctuary”。
“Sanctuary”是一个名词，有几种不同的含义。
在宗教中，“sanctuary”是宗教仪式的圣地或场所。例如,
教堂的领袖在圣所向与会者讲话。
唱诗班的成员坐在教堂圣所附近。
随着时间的推移，它的含义和用法发生了变化。～
教堂有时允许人们在建筑内寻求庇护。～
这就产生了避难所是安全之地的想法。所以现在，“sanctuary”是指某人或某物受到保护或庇护的地方。
它也可以指一个可以找到平静的地方。
花园是她下班后的避难所，是她可以放松的地方。
“sanctuary”也是动物自由生活、远离危险的受保护空间。世界上有许多野生动物保护区。
狮子和老虎被安置在大型猫科动物保护区，在那里它们是自由的，不会被猎杀。
最后，作为一个形容词，“sanctuary”用来描述一个地区, 在那里美国地方执法部门拥有受限的与联邦移民法律相关监督能力。
加州、新墨西哥州、纽约州和佛蒙特州都是庇护州。
这意味着非法移民不会被问及他们的移民身份。
请让我们知道这些解释和例子是否对你有帮助!
你对美式英语有什么问题?给我们发邮件到learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期的“有问必答”。我是 Faith Pirlo。