Hello! And welcome to Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English!
On this program we dive into words and expressions in the English language. ~
We go beneath the surface of an expression and explain it more fully. ~
We give examples, notes on usage, and sometimes we tell where the expression came from.
Today we talk about avoiding difficult subjects. One way you can do this is to bury your head in the sand.
Burying your head in the sand means that you are avoiding, or trying to avoid, a situation. ~
You do this by pretending that it does not exist.
Some word experts say this expression comes from a common, but mistaken, belief about a large flightless bird. ~
Some believe that ostriches bury their heads in the sand when frightened. ~
The idea is that an ostrich believes that if it cannot see any danger, the danger is not there. ~
Experts say the birds do not really do, or think, this. They do, however, dig a lot in the sand for food but not to avoid danger.
But you can use the expression bury your head in the sand to describe people who refuse to think about unpleasant but important facts. ~
You can use it for those who hide or ignore clear signs of danger. These types of people are all burying their heads in the sand.
The expression means the same if you drop the word “bury” and just say someone has their head in the sand.
The expression can also be used as an adjective. ~
A head-in-the-sand approach, attitude, opinion, or method refuses to recognize a problem. And they will probably not be very effective. ~
For example, the teacher had a head-in-the-sand idea of her students. She did not see that they were not understanding her classes.
Organizations can be described as head-in-the-sand — so can people.
Now, let’s hear two friends use the expression to bury your head in the sand.
A: The storm clouds are starting to move in. We should get going. Have you packed your emergency bag?
B: No. I’m not leaving.
A: What? What do you mean? There is a class 5 hurricane coming! The whole city is being evacuated!
B: I’ve been through hurricanes before. I’m going to ride out the storm in my apartment.
A: Look, now is not the time to bury your head in the sand. This is serious! ~
Even if nothing happens to this apartment building, food and water will be hard to find. Electricity will go out.
B: It’ll be fine.
A: No! It won’t! Now get your head out of the sand, pack a bag, and come with me!
And that brings us to the end of this Words and Their Stories! Until next time, I’m Anna Matteo.

你好!欢迎收听美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目!
在这个节目中，我们将深入学习英语词汇和表达。～
我们将深入一个表达的字面意思，更全面地解释它。～
我们举例说明用法，有时还会说明这个表达的出处。
今天我们要讨论的是如何回避困难的话题。有一种方法就是 "to bury your head in the sand"。
"Burying your head in the sand means" 的意思是你在避免或试图避免一种情况。～
你通过假装它不存在来做到这一点。
一些词汇专家表示，这个表达来自一种常见但错误的观点，是关于一种不会飞的大鸟的。～
有人认为鸵鸟在受到惊吓时会把头埋进沙子里。～
这是因为鸵鸟认为，如果它看不到任何危险，那么危险就不存在。～
专家表示，鸟类并没有真正这么做或这么想。然而，它们确实在沙子里挖了很多东西寻找食物，但不是为了躲避危险。
但是你可以用 "bury your head in the sand" 来形容那些拒绝思考不愉快但重要的事实的人。~
你可以用它来形容那些隐藏或忽视明显危险迹象的人。这类人都在逃避现实。
如果你去掉“bury”这个词，只是说某人把(注意have的用法, 把...)头埋在沙子里，意思是一样的。
这个表达也可以用作形容词。~
"躲在沙子里(head-in-the-sand)"的方法、态度、意见或方法拒绝承认问题。而且它们可能不会很有效。~
例如，这位老师对她的学生有一种视而不见的想法。她没有看到他们听不懂她的课。
组织可以被描述为把头埋在沙子里——人也可以。
现在，让我们来听两个朋友使用 "to bury your head in the sand" 这个表达。
A:风暴云开始移动了。我们该走了。你打包好应急包了吗?
B:没有。我不会离开。
A:什么?你是什么意思?五级飓风就要来了!整个城市都被疏散了!
B:我以前经历过飓风。我要在我的公寓里度过这场暴风雨。
A:听着，现在不是逃避现实的时候。这是严重的!~
即使这座公寓楼平安无事，食物和水也很难找到。停电了。
B:没事的。
A:不!它不会!现在把你的脑袋从沙子里拿出来，收拾行李，跟我来!
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容!下期见，我是 Anna Matteo。