And now, Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
As humans, we have emotional states, also called moods. Sometimes we feel happy and sometimes sad. Other times we may feel angry or anxious or excited.
Well, moods are not just for individuals. Groups of people can also share a collective mood. 
On today’s show we talk about an expression that describes ways we understand the general mood of a group of people.
That expression is “to read the room.”
When you read the room, you use your powers of observation to learn the general mood or emotional state of people in a particular setting. 
You may then act in a way that is similar to that mood. You match it.
Let’s say you are in a silly mood – laughing a lot and making jokes. Then you enter a serious work meeting. You may need to read the room and change your behavior.
Here’s another example.
If I need to bring up a serious issue with a group of friends, I will read the room first. If everyone is having a good time and the issue is not urgent, I will wait.
You can tell someone else to “read the room” if they seem clueless about the mood of a group of people. 
It is a way of expressing to that person that they are behaving incorrectly or inappropriately.
Used this way, it can either be funny or insulting – depending on the situation and how we say the phrase.
Let’s say you are at a dinner party. 
People are seated around a table enjoying good food and conversation. 
Then, your friend Betsy brings up a very serious topic – like a historic battle where many people died. 
Suddenly the tone changes. The atmosphere goes from happy to serious.   
You could say, “Betsy, read the room! No one wants to talk about that now.”
Or I could say to someone later, “Betsy needs to learn how to read the room. She brought down the mood of the party with her talk of war and death.”
The expression “read the room” is all about being observant. 
Reading the room is a skill. People who can read the room know the right atmosphere, tone, and mood and are able to fit in.
And that’s all the time we have for this Words and Their Stories. Until next time… I’m Anna Matteo.     

译文:
这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
作为人类，我们有情绪状态，也被称为情绪。有时我们感到快乐，有时感到悲伤。其他时候，我们可能会感到愤怒、焦虑或兴奋。
好吧，情绪不只是个人的。一群人也可以共享一种集体情绪。
在今天的节目中，我们将讨论一个短语，用来描述我们理解一群人情绪的方式。
这个表达是“to read the room”(洞察现状)。
当你洞察现状时，你使用你的观察力来了解在特定环境下人们的一般情绪或情绪状态。
然后你可能会以一种类似于那种情绪的方式行动。和那种情绪保持一致。
假设你现在挺无聊——大声笑，开玩笑。然后你加入了一个严肃的工作会议。你可能需要洞察现状，改变你的行为。
这是另一个例子。
如果我需要向一群朋友提出一个严重的问题，我会先洞察现状。如果大家都玩得很开心，事情不急的话，我会等。
如果别人对一群人的情绪似乎一无所知，你可以让他们“read the room”。
这是向那个人表达他们的行为不正确或不适当的一种方式。
用这种方式，它可以是有趣的，也可以是侮辱性的——这取决于情况和我们怎么说这个短语。
假设你在一个晚宴上。
人们围坐在一张桌子旁，享受美食和交谈。
然后，你的朋友Betsy提出了一个非常严肃的话题——比如一场许多人死亡的历史性战役。
语气突然变了。气氛从快乐转为严肃。
你可以说，“Betsy，洞察现状! 现在没人想谈这个。”
或者我可以稍后对别人说，“Betsy需要学会如何洞察现状。她谈论战争和死亡，破坏了大家的情绪。”
“Reading the room”这个表达是关于观察力的。
Reading the room 是一种技能。能洞察现状的人知道正确的氛围、语气和情绪，能够融入其中。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。欢迎收看下期节目，我是Anna Matteo。
