
原文

Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from Yuna from Japan.
I would like to know the difference between “everyday” and “every day.” Thank you.
Dear Yuna, People often confuse “everyday” (one word) and “every day” (two words) because they can be used in similar ways.
Let us start with the one word “everyday.”
We use “everyday” (one word) as an adjective to describe nouns. Its meaning is something that happens regularly, from day to day.
My everyday schedule includes waking up early, going to the gym and making breakfast.
In this example, “everyday” (one word) describes the schedule or the plan of activities that happen every morning.
Another way we can use “everyday” as an adjective is to mean in an ordinary or usual way.
He wears sneakers as his everyday shoes.
In this statement, the sneakers are his usual shoes.
Now let us look at the two-word form of “every day.” This form is a grouping of two separate words, “every” (adjective) and “day” (noun). It means the same as the expression “each day.”
We use “every day” (two words) as an adverb phrase to describe verbs, other adverbs and adjectives. Compare these examples.
The children go to school every day.
Eating vegetables every day is important for our health.
In the first example, “every day” (two words) can be replaced by “every single day”, “each day” or even another expression like “every week” or “every month.”
In the second example, “every day” (two words) describes how often we should eat our vegetables.
Please let us know if these explanations and examples have helped you, Yuna.
Next week, we will answer a question from Melvin about “daily” and “everyday”. 
If you are interested in how these expressions are similar or different, please come back next week to find out!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo.

译文

你好!在本周的“问老师”节目中，我们将回答来自日本的Yuna的一个问题。
我想知道“everyday”和“every day”的区别。谢谢你！
人们经常把“everyday”(一个词)和“every day”(两个词)混淆，因为它们的用法相似。
让我们从“everyday”这个词开始。
我们用“everyday”作为形容词来描述名词。它的意思是每天定期发生的事情。
我每天的日程安排包括早起，去健身房和做早餐。
在这个例子中，“everyday”描述了每天早上的日程安排或活动计划。
“everyday”用作形容词的另一种用法是表示以一种普通的或平常的方式。
他每天都穿运动鞋。
在这份声明中，这双运动鞋是他平时穿的鞋。
现在让我们来看看“every day”的两个单词形式。这种形式是由两个单独的单词组成的，“every”(形容词)和“day”(名词)。它的意思和“each day”一样。
我们用“every day”作为副词短语来描述动词、其他副词和形容词。比较这些例子。
孩子们每天都去上学。
每天吃蔬菜对我们的健康很重要。
在第一个例子中，“every day”可以被“every single day”、“every day”或者甚至是“every week”或“every month”这样的短语代替。
在第二个例子中，“every day”描述了我们应该多久吃一次蔬菜。
这些解释和例子是否对你有帮助呢，Yuna, 希望得到你的反馈。
下周，我们将回答Melvin关于daily和everyday的问题。
如果你对这些表达的相似或不同感兴趣，请下周回来找出答案!
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期内容。 我是费斯皮尔洛。