And now, Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
A couple of years ago, we wrote a story titled “Ways We Sleep.” We taught expressions such as catch a few z’s, get some shuteye, nod off, and turn in … just to name a few.
There are many, many sleep expressions in English. But today we talk about ones that deal with problem solving.
Now, it is common to sleep on a bed. When we go camping, we sleep on the ground, or we sleep on a cot. 
If we fall asleep watching television or when we visit a friend’s house, we may sleep on a couch. And sometimes we may have to sleep on a floor.
But “to sleep on” has another meaning.
If I have a problem and cannot think of an answer, I can “sleep on it.” Often an answer comes to me the next day.
Let's say some co-workers are working on a project together, and they run into a difficult problem. 
No one can think of a way to solve it. One person might say, “Look, we’re not getting anywhere. So, let's sleep on it. Tomorrow we can try to figure this out.”
To “sleep on" something means you give yourself time to think about a problem overnight. You plan to make a decision about it later.
This does not have to mean that you are actively thinking about the problem. Your subconscious may be working on it. 
For example, if I am writing a story and run into a problem, I often sleep on it. 
I think about the problem before I go to sleep and hope that my sleeping self comes to the rescue!
Sometimes we use this expression when we just want more time to pass. We also use it when we want to look at a problem with a rested mind. 
We know that sleep is necessary to be healthy, both mentally and physically. Sometimes a problem doesn't look so bad the next day after a good night’s sleep.
Here is another sleep expression.
Some problems are not a big deal — they are not important. You can describe them as “nothing to lose sleep over.” 
And if you want to say you are not going to worry about something, you can say you’re “not going to lose sleep over it.”
Let’s listen while two friends use this expression.
"Hey Tish, did you hear about the new apartment building coming to our neighborhood? It’s going to have 100 units!"
"I did. Why do you ask?"
"It will mean a lot MORE people and a lot LESS parking. Aren’t you upset?"
"Well Mark, we DO live in a city. And cities have lots of people. So, I’m not losing any sleep over it -- if that’s what you’re asking."
"Good for you. I’ve lost A LOT of sleep over it."
Okay, who is upset by the new apartment building – Mark or Tish?
If you said Mark, you are right!
For our last expression, we talk about serious problems – problems in which your life might be at stake!
If you “sleep with one eye open,” you are too distrustful to fall asleep. You are suspicious of others around you. You are worried or even fearful that someone or something will hurt you in your sleep.
For example, once I took a friend camping with me. She was a city girl and had never been camping. 
While sleeping in a tent in in the woods, she heard animal sounds and movements in the woods all night. 
In the morning, I asked her how she slept. She said, “I didn't sleep a wink. I slept with one eye open the whole night!”
And that's the end of this Words and Their Stories.
If you run into a problem with English, try sleeping on it! Maybe the answer will come to you with the morning sun.
Until next time … I'm Anna Matteo.     

译文
这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
几年前，我们写了一个名为《我们睡觉的方式》的故事。我们教了一些表达，如catch a few z 's, get some shuteye, nod off, turn in…只是举几个例子。
英语中有很多很多关于睡眠的表达。但是今天我们要讨论的是解决问题的方法。
现在，睡在床上是很常见的。当我们去露营时，我们睡在地上，或者睡在小床上。
如果我们在看电视或拜访朋友家时睡着了，我们可能会睡在沙发上。有时我们可能不得不睡在地板上。
但是“to sleep on”还有另一个意思。
如果我遇到问题却想不出答案，我可以“sleep on it”。通常第二天我就会想到答案。
假设一些同事在一起做一个项目，他们遇到了一个难题。
没有人能想出解决这个问题的办法。一个人可能会说:“看，我们没有任何进展。所以，让我们睡一觉吧。明天我们可以试着解决这个问题。”
“sleep on”某件事意味着你给自己一晚上的时间来思考一个问题。你打算以后再做决定。
这并不意味着你在积极地思考这个问题。也许是你的潜意识在思考。
举个例子，如果我在写一个故事，遇到了一个问题，我经常会睡一觉。
我在睡觉前会想这个问题，希望熟睡的自己能帮上忙!
有时我们用这个表达来表示我们只是想要更多的时间。当我们想以休息的心态看待一个问题时，我们也会使用它。
我们都知道，睡眠对身心健康都是必要的。有时候，睡个好觉，第二天问题看起来就不那么糟了。
这是另一个关于睡眠的表达。
有些问题并不是什么大问题——它们并不重要。你可以把它们描述为“nothing to lose sleep over(没什么可担心的)”。
如果你想说你不会担心某事，你可以说你“not going to lose sleep over it(不会为此失眠)”。
我们来听一下两个朋友是如何使用这个表达的。
“嘿，蒂斯，你听说我们小区要建一栋新公寓楼了吗?”它将有100单元!”
“我听说了。你问这个干什么?”
“这将意味着更多的人，更少的停车场。你不难过吗?”
“好吧，马克，我们确实住在城市里。城市有很多人。所以，我不会为此失眠——如果你是想问这个的话。”
“你还行。我可是非常担心啊。”
谁对新公寓楼不满意，马克还是蒂什?
如果你说马克，你就对了!
在我们的最后一个短语中，我们谈论的是严重的问题——你的生命可能处于危险之中的问题!
如果你“sleep with one eye open”，说明你太疑神疑鬼了, 导致无法入睡。你怀疑周围的人。你担心甚至害怕某人或某事会在你睡觉时伤害你。
例如，有一次我带一个朋友去露营。她是一个城市女孩，从来没有露营过。
她在森林里的帐篷里睡觉时，整晚都听到森林里动物的声音和动作。
早上，我问她睡得怎么样。她说:“我一夜没合眼。我整晚都睁着一只眼睡觉!”
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。
如果你在英语上遇到问题，试着睡一觉去解决它!也许当清晨的太阳升起时，你会找到答案。
欢迎收看下期节目，我是安娜·马特奥。