And now, Words and Their Stories from VOA Learning English.
Many of our English expressions come from our interactions with or observations of animals. Today we talk about an animal that gets blamed for a lot of bad things – a goat!
To be more exact, we are talking about a scapegoat.
A scapegoat is a person who is the receiver of blame and anger about a situation. Often the anger is without reason. So, if someone is unfairly blamed for something, that person could be called a scapegoat.
“Scapegoat” combines the English words “escape” and “goat.” The word has an interesting history. But before we hear that, let’s hear the word used in some examples.
Just because Tabitha had made mistakes in the past, she became the scapegoat in her family for everything that went wrong. But in fact, her sisters did worse things than she did.
The builder of a new apartment building became the scapegoat for changes to the neighborhood.
Houses became more expensive and poorer people began moving out. But in reality, wealthy people had been moving into the area for many years.
Now, let's talk about the origin: Where does this word come from?
Experts with Merriam Webster say "scapegoat" is connected to religion.
On the dictionary’s website, they explain that on a certain religious holiday, ancient Hebrews would sacrifice one goat and lead another one into the wilderness. The goat sent to the wilderness carried all the sins of the people.
So historically speaking, a scapegoat is an actual goat that takes on the sins of others. In other words, the goat carried the sins of other people away with it.
In our modern usage, a scapegoat is someone who bears the blame for others.
In English, there is another word that has a similar meaning.
A “fall guy” is someone who is blamed for something that someone else did. The word “fall guy” suggests that the person was set up for something they did not do.
Here’s an example:
Lawyers for the defendant argued that their client was being set up by her boss. She was simply a fall guy for her boss’s crimes. He was the real guilty party.
And that’s all the time we have for this Words and Their Stories. Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo.

译文:
现在是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
我们的许多英语表达都来自于我们与动物的互动或对动物的观察。今天我们谈论一种因为很多坏事而被指责的动物——山羊!
更确切地说，我们说的是替罪羊。
替罪羊(scapegoat)是指因为某种情况而受到责备且愤怒的人。愤怒往往是没有理由的。所以，如果某人因某事受到不公平的指责，这个人可以被称为替罪羊。
Scapegoat这个词是由英语单词escape(逃跑)和goat(山羊)组成的。这个词有一段有趣的历史。但是在听之前，我们先来听一些例子。
就因为塔比莎过去犯过错误，她成了家里一切错误的替罪羊。但事实上，她的姐妹们做的事比她更糟糕。
新公寓大楼的建造者成了社区变化的替罪羊。
房子越来越贵，穷人开始搬出去。但事实上，富人已经搬进这个地区很多年了。
现在，我们来谈谈词源:这个词从何而来?
韦氏词典的专家表示，“替罪羊”与宗教有关。
在该词典的网站上，他们解释说，在某个宗教节日，古希伯莱人会献祭一只山羊，然后带领另一只山羊进入荒野。被送往荒野的山羊背负着人类所有的罪孽。
所以从历史上讲，替罪羊是指承担别人罪过的真正的山羊。换句话说，山羊带走了其他人的罪恶。
在我们的现代用法中，替罪羊是指为他人承担责任的人。
在英语中，还有一个词有类似的意思。
“替罪羊”是指因为别人做的事而被指责的人。“fall guy(替罪羊)”这个词意味着这个人被陷害了。
这里有一个例子:
被告的律师争辩说他们的当事人被她的老板陷害了。她只是她老板罪行的替罪羊。他才是真正有罪的一方。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。欢迎收看下期节目，我是安娜·马特奥。