Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we answer a question about the adverb “outside” from Philip in China.
Hi, Could you please tell me the difference between outside of and outside? … Please tell me which is better,
We should think outside the box.
We should think outside of the box.
Dear Philip, Thank you for writing to us. 
“Outside” can have one of four uses in English, as a noun, adjective, adverb, or preposition. It is not surprising that you found it hard to understand. 
Your question brings up an interesting dispute between grammar experts in the United States and Britain. 
The Oxford English Dictionary says that “outside” in phrases like “outside of the box” is an adverb. It changes the meaning of the verb, in this case, “think.” 
Together with the preposition “of” it becomes a two-word preposition. Here are other examples of such two-word prepositions:
A baby bird flew out of the nest.
He was never close to his sister.
Your example uses “outside of” or “outside” to talk about the space the subject occupies. You can use either “outside” alone or with “of” in that sense. 
There is another use where “outside of” means “apart from” or “besides.” Here are examples of that use:
Outside of their later songs, I do not enjoy the Beatles’ music.
I cannot think of a time outside of high school when I wore a tie.
The Merriam-Webster Learners Dictionary says “outside of” is a North American use. 
Another British dictionary, the online Oxford Dictionaries also sees the use of “outside of” to talk about location as “chiefly North American.” 
But its use in the “apart from” sense is seen as normal for British and American English.
So in British English, you would usually hear,
Think outside the box.
And in American English, you might hear it that way or
Think outside of the box.
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Jill Robbins.

你好!在本周的“有问必答”节目中，我们回答来自中国的Philip的关于副词“outside”的问题。
你好，你能告诉我"outside of"和"outside "的区别吗?请告诉我哪个更好
我们应该跳出思维定势。
我们应该跳出固有思维模式。
亲爱的Philip:谢谢你给我们写信。
“Outside”在英语中有以下四种用法之一:名词、形容词、副词或介词。你觉得它很难理解，这并不奇怪。
你的问题在美国和英国的语法专家之间引发了一场有趣的争论。
《牛津英语词典》称，“outside”在短语“outside of The box”中是一个副词。它改变了动词的意思，在这种情况下，“think”。
它和介词“of”一起变成了一个由两个词组成的介词。以下是这种由两个词组成的介词的其他例子:
一只鸟宝宝飞出了鸟巢。
他和他妹妹从来就不亲近。
你的例子中使用了“outside of”或“outside”来谈论主题所占据的空间。在这种意义上，你既可以单独使用“outside”，也可以和“of”一起使用。
“outside of”还有另一种用法，意思是“除了”或“除此之外”。下面是这个用法的例子:
除了他们后期的歌曲外，我不喜欢甲壳虫乐队的音乐。
我想不出除了高中以外，我还戴过领带。
《韦氏学习者词典》表示，“outside of”在北美使用。
另一本英国在线词典《牛津词典》(Oxford Dictionaries)也发现，用“outside of”来表示地点的用法“主要在北美”。
但是在英式英语和美式英语中，“apart from”的用法是很正常的。
所以在英式英语中，你通常会听到，
跳出思维定势。
在美式英语中，你可能会听到这样的说法
跳出思维定势。
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期节目内容。我是吉尔·罗宾斯。