
Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question from Leah from Vietnam.
Hi! I'm Leah from Vietnam. I would like to know the difference between "insane" and "crazy".
Thank you so much! Leah
Dear Leah, I really appreciate the question. 
These two words may appear as synonyms in some situations. But in recent years, their usage and meanings have changed with increased knowledge of mental health issues.
Let us start with  "crazy." 
 "Crazy"  is mostly used as an adjective and can have several different meanings that are informal.
Its first meaning is foolish, strange, wild or intense.
The crazy kittens knocked over their water bowl because they were so excited.
In this example, the kittens were a little wild and foolishly spilled the water.
A second meaning of  "crazy"  is really enthusiastic, interested in, or in love with something. We usually use the preposition  "about"  with the word.
The couple is crazy about each other; they are always holding hands.
And crazy can also mean mentally sick or unbalanced. This meaning is falling out of use because now there is more awareness and sensitivity towards mental health issues.
An example from recent years can be seen in the TV show Crazy Ex-Girlfriend.
The song for the show is about the main character, Rebecca Bunch, an ex-girlfriend who is  "crazy"  and not doing well with her mental health.
At the time, people criticized the use of  "crazy"  in the show’s title. But the creator and star, Rachel Bloom, also helped to increase awareness of mental health issues through the TV show.
Let’s move on to  "insane." 
 "Insane"  has a stronger, more negative association than crazy. 
As an adjective, it was once used to describe people with severe mental illness. But it is no long used in the field of medicine.
Today, some people, especially younger ones, use it to mean extremely foolish, irrational, or not able to make good decisions. Those kinds of meanings are falling out of use.
Another, more recent use as an adjective can mean shocking, outrageous, or intense. This meaning is similar to  "crazy." 
Compare these examples:
I had an insane day at work.
In this example,  "insane"  means intense and busy.
The pasta sauce smells insane.
Here the sauce has an intense and wonderful smell.
 "Crazy"  and  "insane,"  as adjectives, are used informally to mean foolish, intense, or not believable. If they are used this way, they can be synonyms.
Insane is stronger and often sounds more negative than crazy. 
Crazy is more normal in informal speech when showing enthusiasm or even expressing love. 
But, both terms have in the past been used to describe people with mental illnesses.
While both terms are still used informally, saying them in the wrong situation can be a mistake.
I hope these explanations and examples have helped you, Leah!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo.

译文

你好!在本周的 "问老师" 节目中，我们将回答来自越南的 Leah 的问题。
这就跟你问声好！我是 Leah，来自越南。我想知道 "insane" 和 "crazy" 之间的区别。
非常感谢! Leah
亲爱的 Leah，非常感谢你的问题。
这两个词在某些情况下可以作为同义词出现。但近年来，随着人们对心理健康问题了解的增加，它们的用法和含义发生了变化。
让我们从 "crazy" 开始。
 "crazy" 通常用作形容词，可以有几种非正式的不同含义。
它的第一个意思是愚蠢的，奇怪的，狂野的或激烈的。
疯狂的小猫们因为太兴奋了，打翻了他们的水碗。
在这个例子中，小猫有点野，愚蠢地把水洒了。
"crazy" 的第二个意思是对某事非常热情、感兴趣或热爱。我们通常用介词 "about" 和这个词连用。
这对夫妇为对方疯狂;他们总是手牵着手。
"crazy" 也可以指精神不正常或不平衡。这一含义已经不再被使用，因为现在人们对心理健康问题的认识和敏感性越来越高。
近年来的电视剧《疯狂前女友》就是一个例子。
这部剧的这首歌是关于主角丽贝卡·邦奇的，她是一位 "crazy" 的前女友，精神状况不佳。
当时，人们批评在节目名称中使用了 "crazy" 一词。但该剧的主创兼主演瑞秋·布鲁姆(Rachel Bloom)也通过这部电视剧提高了人们对心理健康问题的认识。
让我们继续看 "insane" 。
 "insane" 比 "crazy" 有更强、更负面的联想。
作为形容词，它曾经被用来形容患有严重精神疾病的人。但它已不再用于医学领域。
今天，一些人，尤其是年轻人，用它来表示非常愚蠢、不理性或不能做出好的决定。这些含义已经不再被使用了。
另一个，最近用作形容词的意思是令人震惊的，骇人的，强烈的。这个意思与 "crazy" 相似。
比较这些例子:
我今天工作很忙。
在这个例子中， "insane" 的意思是紧张和忙碌。
意大利面酱闻起来好香。
这种酱汁有一种强烈而美妙的味道。
 "crazy" 和 "insane" 作为形容词，非正式地用于表示愚蠢的、强烈的或不可信的。如果以这种方式使用，它们可以是同义词。
 "insane" 比 "crazy" 更强烈，听起来也比 "crazy" 更消极。
在非正式语言中，当表达热情甚至表达爱的时候，"crazy" 是很正常的。
但是，这两个词在过去都被用来形容患有精神疾病的人。
虽然这两个术语仍在非正式场合使用，但在错误的情况下使用它们可能是错误的。
我希望这些解释和例子对你有所帮助，莉亚!
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期节目的内容。我是费斯皮尔洛。