And now, Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
Today we talk about an expression, or idiom, involving an animal – a monkey to be exact.
Monkeys are intelligent animals, and they often do funny things. So, the English language has some monkey expressions that describe a fun situation.
For example, to monkey around means to do things that are not useful or serious. And if something is more fun than a barrel of monkeys, it is very fun!
But what if you had to carry a monkey around with you every minute of every day ... on your back? That may not be so fun.
And that brings us to today’s expression – to have a monkey on your back.
If you have a monkey on your back, you have a problem that cannot be easily solved. ~
And you possibly have had that problem for a long time.
To have a monkey on your back can also mean to carry a great emotional weight. ~
This weight comes from a bad decision or perhaps a feeling that you have done something wrong.
But the expression is used in more situations than that.
It is often used to describe a serious problem, worry, or concern that makes life difficult or unpleasant. ~
Sometimes we use this idiom to describe a situation that is not our fault. It could be a hardship or condition from which we suffer.
Here are some examples.
A man grew up in extreme poverty. ~
For a time, it was a monkey on his back. But getting a good education was the first step to getting the monkey off his back.
If a woman has a gambling, alcohol, or drug addiction, we could say she has a monkey on her back. ~
It could last for many years or even a lifetime. ~
However, if she could solve or end the problem, we could say she finally got the monkey off her back!
There is another expression that also means having a monkey on your back.
That expression is a millstone around someone’s neck.
A millstone is a very large, heavy stone used for grinding things such as grain or corn. ~
It crushes things easily. So, we also use the word millstone to describe a serious responsibility, problem, or concern.
For example, student debt is a millstone for many young people. ~
We could also say the debt is a millstone around their necks or a monkey on their backs.
And that’s all the time we have for this Words and Their Stories!
Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo.
现在是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
今天我们谈论一个与动物有关的表达或习语，确切地说，是猴子。
猴子是聪明的动物，它们经常做有趣的事情。所以，英语中有一些描述有趣情况的猴子表达(式)。
例如，to monkey around的意思是做无用或不严肃的事情。如果某件事比一桶猴子更有趣，那它就非常有趣!
但如果你每天每时每刻都要带着一只猴子呢在背上呢?那可能没那么有趣。
这就引出了今天的短语——to have a monkey on your back。
如果你have a monkey on your back，意思是你有一个不容易解决的问题。～
你可能已经有这个问题很长时间了。
To have a monkey on your back也可以指背负沉重的情感负担。～
这种重量来自一个糟糕的决定，或者可能是你做错了什么事的感觉。
但是这个表达被用在了更多的情况下。
它经常用来描述一个严重的问题，担忧，或担心，使生活困难或不愉快。～
有时我们用这个习语来描述不是我们的错的情况。它可能是我们所遭受的一种困难或状况。
这里有一些例子。
一个人在极度贫困中长大。～
有一段时间，他就像背上了一只猴子。但是，接受良好的教育是摆脱烦恼的第一步。
如果一个女人赌博、酗酒或吸毒成瘾，我们就可以说她背上有只猴子。～
它可能会持续很多年甚至一辈子。～
然而，如果她能解决或结束这个问题，我们可以说她终于甩掉了她背上的猴子!
还有一个表达也表示背上有一只猴子。
这个表达是 a millstone around someone’s neck。
millstone 是一种非常大、很重的石头，用来磨诸如谷物或玉米之类的东西。～
它很容易把东西压碎。所以，我们也用millstone这个词来描述严重的责任、问题或担忧。
例如，学生债务对许多年轻人来说是一个沉重的负担。～
我们也可以说债务是他们脖子上的磨石或背上的猴子。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部时间!
我是 Anna Matteo。