原文

And now, Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
This program explores words and phrases in the English language.
And today we talk about an expression that comes from the world of vehicles and the engines that power them.
In an internal combustion engine, a cylinder is said to be firing when the fuel inside it is ignited, or lit. With that small, contained explosion, the engine starts and the car is ready to go! 
Most engines have four cylinders. Some very powerful vehicles have six or even eight cylinders! That brings us to today’s expression: to fire on all cylinders. 
When you are “firing on all cylinders,” you are working or functioning at the greatest possible level of efficiency, speed or productivity.  
In other words, you are at your peak performance. You cannot do much better.
Sometimes we we use this expression to mean we are using all our energy to do something. We are working as well as possible. 
For example, some people can only fire on all cylinders after they have had a good night’s sleep.
We often use this expression in the negative form. 
For example, every morning, I have two cups of very strong, black coffee. The coffee helps my brain come to life. 
So, if someone tries to talk to me in the morning before I’ve had my coffee, I might say to them. “Can this wait? I’m not firing on all cylinders yet.”  
However, I would probably not say that to a supervisor. The expression is very informal.
Now let’s hear this expression used by two co-workers.
A: Hey, can you hand me that notebook? It has all my notes for today’s meeting.
B: I’m sorry. Are you talking to me?
A: You seem like you need more sleep. You do realize this meeting about our project will decide your future for the next month.
B: I know. It’s just really early. I don’t fire on all cylinders until at least 10am.
A: Well, you had better get your cylinders fired up because here comes the client.
Before you take on your next big project, make sure you are firing on all cylinders.
And that’s all the time we have for this Words and Their Stories. Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo.

译文

这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
这个节目探讨英语中的单词和短语。
今天我们要谈论一个来自汽车和引擎的表达。
在内燃机中，当气缸内的燃料被点燃时，气缸就被点燃了。随着这种小型的、可控的爆炸，发动机启动，汽车就可以开动了!
大多数发动机有四个汽缸。一些非常强大的车辆有6个甚至8个汽缸!这就引出了今天的短语:to fire on all cylinders。
当你“火力全开”时，你正在以最大的效率、速度或生产力工作或运作。
换句话说，你正处于最佳状态。你不能做得更好。
有时候，我们用这个表达来表示我们正在用我们所有的精力去做某事。我们正在尽可能地做好工作。
例如，有些人只有在睡了个好觉之后才能开足马力。
我们经常在否定形式中使用这个表达。
例如，每天早上，我都会喝两杯非常浓的黑咖啡。咖啡使我的大脑恢复活力。
所以，如果有人试图在早上我喝咖啡之前和我说话，我可能会对他们说。“这能等吗?我还没有开足马力。”
然而，我可能不会对一个主管这么说。这种表达是非正式的。
现在我们来听一下两个同事使用这个短语的情况。
A:嘿，你能把那个笔记本递给我吗?里面有我今天会议的所有笔记。
B:我很抱歉。你在跟我说话吗?
A:你看起来需要多睡一会儿。你知道这次关于我们项目的会议将决定你下个月的未来吧。
B:我知道。只是时间还早。我至少要到上午10点才能开足马力。
A:嗯，你最好打起精神来，因为客户来了。
在你开始下一个大项目之前，确保你正在全速前进。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。欢迎收看下期节目，我是安娜·马特奥。