And now, Words and Their Stories from VOA Learning English.
On this program we explore words and expressions in the English language.
Today we talk about an important part of every plant – the roots.
The roots of most plants grow below the ground. There, they have some very important jobs. The roots anchor the plant. They secure it in the ground. Roots also take in water and minerals to feed the plant. And in many plants, the roots store food and nutrients.
So, roots are the foundation of the plant: the supporting structures. And that gives us our first expression: “to put roots down.”
When you put roots down, you make a place your home by creating connections. You get a job and maybe buy a house. You also make friends and join activities. You might start a family. As your children start school, your ties to the school and other parents are also roots.
All these things connect you to a place. Each connection makes it harder for you to leave. Just like the roots of a plant, they ground you.
If you want to move a plant, you must be careful not to disturb the roots too much. If you do, you could kill the plant.
And that brings us to another way we use the word root. The root can also be the start or cause of something.
For example, I could say that my love of mystery stories is rooted in my childhood full of Agatha Christie books! Now, problems have roots too. So, people could say that a small town’s problems are rooted in a lack of good jobs.
That suggests our next expression: Get to the root of the problem. When we get to the root of the problem, we get to the cause of it. You can also strike at the root of a problem if you are looking for a way to solve it.
Sometimes we use the verb “dig” to go with some root expressions. As we said, roots are underground. You must dig to reach them. So, we could say, “A lack of jobs is just one issue. To get to the root of the city’s larger problem, we must dig deeper.”
Here’s an example:
"I just heard that the city council is going to add more money to this year’s school budget."
"That’s good news! But I’m not sure more money is going to fix high truancy rates and poor classroom behavior."
"Well, it can’t hurt."
"True. But to really help students, we need to get to the root of the education problem."
"And what do you think the root of the problem is?"
"I think the “roots” to that problem are vast and complex."
Now for our final expression. There is a common saying in English that involves roots. You may hear people say that money is the root of all evil. That expression comes from the Bible: “The love of money is the root of all kinds of evil.”
While it may not be root of all evil, I’m sure that greed has caused quite a few problems.
And that’s the end of this Words and Their Stories. Until next time, I’m Anna Matteo.   


这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
在这个节目中，我们探索英语中的单词和表达。
今天我们来谈谈每种植物的一个重要部分——根。
大多数植物的根都长在地下。在那里，他们有一些非常重要的工作。根固定植物。他们把它固定在地上。根也吸收水分和矿物质来滋养植物。在许多植物中，根储存食物和营养。
所以，根是植物的基础:支撑结构。这就给了我们第一个表达:“to put roots down”。
当你扎下根，你就通过建立联系把一个地方变成了你的家。你找份工作，也许买栋房子。你还可以结交朋友，参加活动。你可能要成家了。当你的孩子开始上学时，你与学校和其他家长的纽带也是根。
所有这些东西都把你和一个地方联系在一起。每次联系都会让你更难离开。就像植物的根一样，它们让你扎根。
如果你想搬动一棵植物，你必须小心，不要把根部弄得太乱。如果你这样做，你可能会杀死植物。
这就引出了词根的另一种用法。根也可以是某事的开始或原因。
例如，我可以说，我对神秘故事的热爱根植于我充满阿加莎·克里斯蒂的书的童年!现在，问题也有根源。所以，人们可以说，小城镇的问题根源在于缺乏好工作。
这暗示了我们的下一个表达:找到问题的根源。当我们找到问题的根源时，我们就找到了它的原因。如果你正在寻找解决问题的方法，你也可以从问题的根源入手。
有时候我们会把动词“dig”和一些词根搭配使用。正如我们所说的，根在地下。你必须挖掘才能找到他们。所以，我们可以说，“就业机会的缺乏只是一个问题。为了找到这个城市更大问题的根源，我们必须深入挖掘。”
这里有一个例子:
这个人说:“我刚听说市议会打算在今年的学校预算中增加更多的钱。”
“这是个好消息!但我不确定更多的钱是否能解决高逃课率和不良的课堂行为。”
“嗯，不会有什么坏处的。”
“真的。但要真正帮助学生，我们需要从根本上解决教育问题。”
“你认为问题的根源是什么?”
“我认为这个问题的根源是巨大而复杂的。”
现在来看最后一个表达式。英语中有一种常见的说法与根有关。你可能听人说金钱是万恶之源。这句话来自《圣经》:“贪财是万恶之源。”
虽然它可能不是所有邪恶的根源，但我确信贪婪已经造成了相当多的问题。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。欢迎收看本期节目，我是安娜·马特奥。                     