Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question about clothes, outfits, suits, and costumes.
Dear Teacher,
Could you explain for me when to use 'costume', 'outfit', 'suit' and 'clothes' please?
Kind regards,
Chau from Vietnam
Dear Chau,
Thanks for this question!
“Costumes” and “suits” are kinds of “clothes.” An “outfit” is a combination of clothes that you wear for the day.
Let’s look at each of these a little closer.
“Clothes” is a plural noun meaning coverings we wear over our body to give protection and keep us warm or cool.~
Sometimes, “clothes” we wear can be stylish or have a special meaning.
By the end of the week my dirty clothes pile up and I need to wash them.
Kinds of “clothes” include pants, shorts, shirts or “tops,” dresses, and skirts. ~
They also include underwear and socks.
I have summer clothes like skirts and shorts and winter clothes like sweatpants and hoodies.
Some “clothes” are worn only at special times, for example:
My gym clothes include stretchy pants and a tee-shirt.
An “outfit” is a set of clothes. The word “outfit” is a countable noun.
When I travel, I like to pack an extra outfit just in case.
On the internet, people like to share their outfits of the day or OOTDs.
A “suit” is a formal outfit consisting of a jacket, pants, or a skirt, and sometimes a vest, all made from the same cloth.
Suits were a popular choice for work before 2020.
My husband wore a blue suit to our wedding.
A “suit” can also be a piece of clothing that you wear for a certain activity.
For example,
Swimsuits are for swimming and other water activities.
“Costume” has several meanings.
As a noun, the first meaning is a set of clothes for a performer when they are on stage or worn by a person for a specific reason or an event like a holiday.
During the play, the actors had to change their costumes many times.
I have a full closet of dance costumes that I need to sell.
What is your Halloween costume this year? My costume is a cat!
The second meaning as a noncount noun refers to clothes worn by people during a time in history or in a specific country or area.
She dressed in her country’s traditional costume for an international event.
Victorian-era costumes consisted of fitted clothes like high-collared shirts and long skirts for women that did not reveal much skin.
And, we use “costume” as an adjective describing something like a play or film set in the past and where actors use clothing from that time period.
The television show Outlander is a costume drama set in the 1700s in countries like Scotland, France, and The United States.
Please let us know if these explanations and examples have helped you!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo.

你好!在本周的“有问必答”节目中，我们将回答一个关于衣服、套装、西装和服装的问题。
亲爱的老师,
你能给我解释一下什么时候用“costume”、“outfit”、“suit”和“clothes”吗?
亲切的问候,
来自越南的Chau
亲爱的Chau,
谢谢你的问题!
“costume”和“suits”是“衣服”的两种。“outfit”是你当天穿的衣服的组合。
让我们仔细看看每一个。
“Clothes”是一个复数名词，意思是我们穿在身上用来保护我们、保持温暖或凉爽的覆盖物
有时，我们穿的“clothes”可能很时髦或有特殊的意义。
到了周末，我的脏衣服堆了起来，我需要洗它们。
“clothes”的种类包括裤子、短裤、衬衫或“上衣”、连衣裙和裙子。～
还包括内衣和袜子。
我有夏天的衣服，比如裙子和短裤，冬天的衣服，比如运动裤和卫衣。
有些“clothes”只在特殊的时候穿，例如:
我的运动服包括弹力裤和t恤。
“outfit”是一套衣服。单词“outfit”是可数名词。
当我旅行时，我喜欢多带一套衣服以防万一。
在互联网上，人们喜欢分享他们当天的服装或ootd(Outfit of the day)。
“suit”是一套正式的服装(例如:西装)，包括夹克、裤子或裙子，有时还有背心，都是用同一种布料制成的。
在2020年之前，西装是工作的流行选择。
我丈夫穿了一套蓝色西装参加我们的婚礼。
“suit”也可以是你在某个活动中穿的一件衣服。
例如,
泳衣是用来游泳和其他水上活动的。
“Costume”有几个意思。
作为名词，第一个意思是表演者在舞台上穿的一套衣服，或某人为了特定原因或节日等活动穿的一套衣服。
在演出过程中，演员们不得不多次更换服装。
我有满满一柜子的舞蹈服装要卖。
你今年万圣节的服装是什么?我的服装是一只猫!
第二种意思作为不可数名词，指的是历史上某一时期或特定国家或地区人们所穿的衣服。
她穿着本国的传统服装参加国际活动。
维多利亚时代的服装包括合身的衣服，比如高领衬衫和不太暴露皮肤的长裙。
我们把“costume”用作形容词，描述发生在过去的戏剧或电影，演员们使用那个时期的服装。
电视剧《外乡人》是一部以18世纪的苏格兰、法国和美国为背景的古装剧。
请告诉我们这些解释和例子是否对你有帮助!
关于美式英语你有什么问题吗?请发邮件至learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期的“有问必答”。我是 Faith Pirlo。