
原文

And now Words and Their Stories from VOA Learning English.
On this program, we explore words and expressions in the English language.
Today we talk about the pursuit of perfection. Or at least the things we do to try and make things seem perfect.
If you paint something with a brush, it often leaves brush marks. When you paint with a roller, you might still have lines left behind by the roller.
Some consider this a flaw (something bad that you don't want) in the paint job. So, people came up with a process to cover things up with a perfect layer of paint called “airbrush.”
The Airbrush Museum says in 1876, F.E. Stanley created a device that could spray watercolor and ink. 
Three years later Abner Peeler came up with a paint distributor that was later sold as an “airbrush.”
However, this may have not been the first attempt at airbrushing. 
Some archeologists claim that early cavepeople, Neanderthals, used the process to airbrush some of their paintings by blowing paints through hollow bones.
Back in the modern day, we also use airbrush as a verb to describe painting or changing something to cover imperfections with or as if with an airbrush.
For example, let’s say some vandals painted offensive words on the side of your house. If you do not want to see the words ever again, you airbrush over the words to cover them completely.
Here is another example: If you apply beauty products, or makeup, on your face, you can airbrush just about any mark on your skin.
In some publications, workers often use software called Photoshop to change an image. They could use it to airbrush all the flaws in an image or even remove pieces of the image completely. 
The term photoshop has since taken on the same meaning as airbrush.
There is another way we use the term airbrush.
If someone is accused of airbrushing history, they are being accused of changing something bad in the past as if it did not happen.
Now, let’s hear these two friends use the term “airbrush.”
A: Hey let’s meet for coffee tomorrow!
B: Sure! How about Hal’s that new coffee shop down the street? I hear the coffee is really good.
A: Umm, let’s go somewhere else. I don’t like the owner.
B: Why? What’s wrong with Hal?
A: Don’t you remember? He ran for office two years ago. And during the campaign, some really bad stuff came out about him.
B: Really? I don’t remember that.
A: That’s because he airbrushed it all from history. Removed. Gone. It’s like it all never happened.
B: Well, people cover up bad things from their past all the time. Besides … he makes really good coffee.
A: I will find another coffee shop!
And that’s all the time we have for this Words and Their Stories. Until next time, I’m Anna Matteo. 

译文

这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
在这个节目中，我们探索英语中的单词和表达。
今天我们来谈谈对完美的追求。或者至少是我们为了让事情看起来完美而做的事情。
如果你用刷子画东西，通常会留下笔刷痕迹。当你用滚筒画画时，你可能还会有线条被滚筒留下。
有些人认为这是油漆工作中的一个缺陷(你不想要的坏东西)。所以，人们想出了一种方法，用一种叫做“喷枪”的完美涂层来掩盖东西。
喷枪博物馆称，1876年，斯坦利发明了一种可以喷水彩和墨水的装置。
三年后，艾布纳·皮勒(Abner Peeler)推出了一个涂料分配器，后来以“喷枪”的名义出售。
然而，这可能并不是喷绘的第一次尝试。
一些考古学家声称，早期尼安德特人，用中空的骨头吹颜料的方法来喷绘一些绘画。
回到现代，我们也用 airbrush 作为动词来描述用喷枪或好像用喷枪来绘画或改变某物以掩盖缺陷。
例如，我们说一些破坏者在你的房子的一边画了无礼的文字。如果你不想再看到这些单词，你可以用喷枪将它们完全覆盖。
这里还有另一个例子:如果你在脸上使用美容产品或化妆品，你可以掩盖在你皮肤上的任何痕迹。
在一些出版物中，工作人员经常使用 photoshop 软件来改变图像。他们可以用它来喷枪处理图像上的所有缺陷，甚至完全删除图像的一部分。
此后，photoshop 这个术语就与 airbrush 有了相同的含义。
喷枪这个词还有另一种用法。
如果有人被指责 airbrush 历史，他们被指责改变了过去的一些不好的事情，就好像它没有发生过。
现在，我们来听听这两位朋友是如何使用 airbrush 这个词的。
A:嘿，我们明天一起喝杯咖啡吧!
B:当然!街上那家新开的哈尔咖啡馆怎么样?我听说这里的咖啡很好。
A:嗯，我们去别的地方吧。我不喜欢那个老板。
B:为什么?哈尔怎么了?
A:你不记得了吗?他两年前竞选过公职。在竞选期间，他出了一些很不好的事。
B:真的吗?我不记得了。
A:那是因为他把它从历史中抹去了。移除了。一去不复返了。就像什么都没发生过一样。
B:嗯，人们总是会掩盖过去的坏事。不过，他煮的咖啡很好喝。
A:我再找一家咖啡店!
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。欢迎收看本期节目，我是安娜·马特奥。