And now, Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
We walk through doors many, many times a day. 
If we want to enter any building, we must go through a door. And that building could be a new home, an interesting store or restaurant. Maybe it is a school, library or laboratory.
We don’t know for sure what is on the other side of a door. If you think about it, doors offer us many possibilities and opportunities!
That may be why we have several expressions that connect doors with opportunity.
First, let’s talk about an opportunity. 
An opportunity is a chance for greater success. It is a good chance for advancement or progress. Or it can be just a chance for something different. But you won’t know unless you open the door.
So, “when opportunity comes knocking, be ready to answer the door.” This expression means you do not want to miss an opportunity. There is a certain sadness and regret involved in a missed opportunity.
You don’t always get another second chance. That is why we also say, opportunity knocks but once. 
You may also hear it said this way: opportunity seldom knocks twice.
Both expressions mean that great opportunities are usually only offered to us one time. 
We use these expressions to urge people to act quickly and to take an opportunity when it comes to them.
Now, sometimes an opportunity is not a completely open door. 
Maybe the door is open just a little – a crack. If that happens and you want to get in, you should make sure to put your “foot in the door.”
Imagine you are standing in a doorway and you want to get inside the building. 
You want to be part of whatever is happening in there. With your foot in the door, you are one step closer to making that happen.
When you have a foot in the door, you have an opportunity to get inside a building. The same can be said for a situation.
Sometimes, all you need to succeed is a small chance or opportunity to prove yourself. 
This is especially true for people who do not have connections that can open doors for them.
Getting your foot in the door is a way to open that door of opportunity for yourself. 
Here is an example: I had short-term job in New York City in the publishing industry. The job did not pay very much. But it was a good way for me to get my foot in the door.
Now, sometimes in life, things do not go our way. The door of opportunity slams in our face. But that’s okay. We have another expression that can fix that problem.
"When one door closes, another one opens."
This expression means that the end of one situation or opportunity may often followed by the start of a new one. 
You can use this expression to offer hope to someone who may have lost a good opportunity.
And that’s all the time we have for this Words and Their Stories.
Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo. 

译文:
这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
我们每天要穿过很多很多扇门。
如果我们想进入任何一座建筑，我们必须穿过一扇门。这个建筑可以是一个新家，一个有趣的商店或餐馆。可能是学校、图书馆或实验室。
我们不确定门的另一边是什么。仔细想想，门给我们提供了许多可能性和机会!
这可能就是为什么我们有几个短语把门和机会联系在一起。
首先，让我们谈谈机会。
机会是取得更大成功的机会。这是晋升或进步的好机会。也可能只是一个尝试不同事物的机会。但你不打开门就不知道。
所以，“当机会来敲门时，要做好开门的准备。”这个表达的意思是你不想错过一个机会。错过一个机会，会有某种悲伤和遗憾。
你不是总有第二次机会的。这就是为什么我们说，机不可失，时不再来。
你可能也听过这样的说法:机会难得来两次。
这两种表达都表示机会只给我们一次。
我们用这些表达敦促人们迅速采取行动，抓住机会。
有时候，机会并不是一扇完全敞开的门。
也许门开了一点点——一条缝。如果这种情况发生了，而你又想进入这家公司，你应该确保自己“迈出了第一步”。
想象一下，你站在门口，想要进入大楼。
不管里面发生了什么，你都想参与其中。当你迈出第一步时，你离实现目标又近了一步。
当你迈出了一扇门，你就有机会进入一栋建筑。同样的道理也适用于某种情况。
有时候，你成功所需要的只是一个小小的机会或证明自己的机会。
对于那些没有人脉可以为他们打开大门的人来说更是如此。
迈出第一步是为自己打开机会之门的一种方式。
这里有一个例子:我在纽约市的出版业有一份短期工作。这份工作薪水不高。但这对我来说是一个很好的进入职场的方法。
有时候在生活中，事情并不如我们所愿。机会之门在我们面前关上了。但是没关系。我们有另一个表达式可以解决这个问题。
“当一扇门关闭时，另一扇门会打开。”
这句话的意思是，一种情况或机会结束后，往往会有新的开始。
你可以用这个表达给失去好机会的人带来希望。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。
欢迎收看下期节目，我是安娜·马特奥。