And now Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
The world is filled with many interesting places. A map helps us find them. ~
Any place you need to find -- a street address, business, famous landmark or park -- is most likely on a map.
Which brings us to our expression: all over the map! We use this expression in several different ways.
The first way means to be spread out over a great distance.
For example, years ago I drove across the United States by myself. ~
I was all over the map on that trip -- through mountains, deserts, forests, and more.
Here is another way we use this expression.
All over the map can also mean having many different kinds of something. ~
For example, if a restaurant offers a variety of dishes from many different countries, you can say its menu is all over the map.
Here is another example. Washington, D.C. is a very international city. People from all over the map live and work together in D.C.
Here's another example. ~
If someone asks me what music I like, it’s hard to answer. ~
I enjoy listening to many kinds of music -- from rock to classical to soul and country. ~
You could say my musical interests are all over the map.
Or, another example: ~
My favorite international store sells a little of everything. ~
It has coffee from Brazil, chocolate from Belgium, soap from France, and tea from Japan. ~
But you can also buy fresh vegetables! That store is all over the map with its products!
Finally, we also use the expression all over the map to mean confused or unfocused. ~
If thinking, speaking, or planning is unorganized, we can describe it as all over the map.
This expression can also describe a person. ~
If someone is all over the map, they could be having a hard time focusing on one thing.
Here’s an example. ~
My coworker Karen led a very confusing meeting. ~
First she talked about plans to move the company overseas. ~
Then she switched to sales estimates for the next season and later, budget cuts. ~
Her presentation was all over the map! Nobody had a clear understanding of the project.
Another project I worked on was set up to fail. ~
The directions the designer gave to the team were all over the map. The builders did not even know where to start digging!
And that brings us to the end of this Words and Their Stories. ~
I hope our expression was clearly explained. This is not time to be all over the map!
Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo.

这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
世界上有许多有趣的地方。地图可以帮助我们找到它们。～
你要找的任何地方——街道地址、商业场所、著名地标或公园——都很可能在地图上。
这就引出了我们的表达:all over the map!这个表达有几种不同的用法。
第一种方式意味着铺开(伸展/扩散)到很远的地方.
例如，几年前我一个人开车横穿美国。～
在那次旅行中，我跑遍了所有的地方——高山、沙漠、森林等等。
下面是这个表达的另一种用法。
All over the map也可以指拥有许多不同种类的东西。～
例如，如果一家餐馆提供来自许多不同国家的各种菜肴，你可以说它的菜单是all over the map。
这是另一个例子。华盛顿特区是一个非常国际化的城市。来自世界各地的人们在华盛顿一起生活和工作
这是另一个例子。～
如果有人问我喜欢什么音乐，我很难回答。～
我喜欢听很多种音乐——从摇滚到古典，从灵魂乐到乡村乐。～
你可以说我对音乐的兴趣是五花八门的。
或者，另一个例子:~
我最喜欢的国际商店什么都卖一点。～
它有来自巴西的咖啡，来自比利时的巧克力，来自法国的肥皂和来自日本的茶。～
但是你也可以买新鲜的蔬菜!那家商店的产品太丰富了!
最后，我们也用all over the map来表示困惑或不专注。～
如果思考、说话或计划是无组织的，我们可以用all over the map来描述。
这个表达也可以用来形容一个人。～
如果某人是all over the map，他们可能很难专注于一件事。
这是一个例子。～
我的同事凯伦主持了一个非常混乱的会议。～
首先，她谈到了将公司迁往海外的计划。～
然后她转向下一季的销售预测，以及之后的预算削减。～
她的演讲太混乱了!没有人对这个项目有清楚的了解。
我参与的另一个项目注定要失败。～
设计师给团队的指示是五花八门的。建筑工人甚至不知道从哪里开始挖!
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。～
希望把表达解释清楚了。现在不是糊里糊涂的时候!
我是 Anna Matteo。