Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher we answer a question from Samuel in China. 
He writes, When I read the news, sometimes I see 'under quarantine', and at other times I see 'in quarantine.' Are they different in meaning? In the following sentence, which one should I use?
Jerry left Hohhot for school in Hefei when the virus outbreak started in Hohhot. So, when he arrived in Hefei, he was put (under or in) quarantine in a quarantine hotel.
Prepositions are tricky for Chinese English learners. I hope you can help clear my mind a little bit.
Thank you in advance, Samuel, China.
Dear Samuel, Thank you for writing to us. 
I am sure that almost everyone who is reading or hearing this knows that “quarantine” is the isolation of a person or a group of people to prevent the spread of infection to others. 
But it may not yet be clear how we use different prepositions with the word “quarantine.”
Let us begin with “under.”
Since May 2020, language researchers have collected what people are saying related to the pandemic in 20 different English-speaking countries. 
They call the result the Coronavirus Corpus. 
I searched in that collection and learned that “under quarantine” is much less common than “in quarantine.” Here are some examples:
All close contacts of the coronavirus cases have been placed under a quarantine order.
Following his classmate’s positive test, the 11-year-old was placed under quarantine on Thursday.
Many countries put their entire populations under strict quarantine in order to prevent the virus from spreading.
Compare these examples of how “in quarantine” appears.
Some schools are offering meals to students in quarantine.
New Zealand requires a 10-day stay in hotel quarantine for all travelers.
Note that the words “put” and “place” appear before “under quarantine” in our examples. Often there is an official organization taking this kind of action. 
You can also find examples of putting or placing someone “in quarantine,” but they are less common.
The short answer to your question, Samuel, is that you would not be wrong to use either “under” or “in” before the word quarantine in your example, but English speakers would be more likely to use “under quarantine” after the verb “put” in the statement:
When he arrived in Hefei, he was put under quarantine in a quarantine hotel.
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Jill Robbins.

译文

你好!在本周的“问老师”节目中，我们回答了一个来自中国的塞缪尔的问题。
他写道，当我读新闻时，有时我看到‘被隔离’，有时我看到‘被隔离’。它们的意义不同吗?在下面的句子中，我应该用哪一个?
当病毒在呼和浩特爆发时，杰里离开呼和浩特去合肥上学。所以，当他到达合肥时，他被隔离在一个隔离酒店里。
介词对于中国的英语学习者来说是很棘手的。我希望你能帮我理清思路。
谢谢你，塞缪尔。
亲爱的塞缪尔:谢谢你给我们写信。
我相信，几乎每一个读到或听到这句话的人都知道，“隔离”是一个人或一群人的隔离，以防止传染给其他人。
但我们可能还不清楚“隔离”这个词是如何使用不同的介词的。
让我们从“under”开始。
自2020年5月以来，语言研究人员收集了20个不同的英语国家的人们与疫情有关的言论。
他们称这一结果为冠状病毒语料库。
我在那个集合中搜索，发现“在隔离中”比“在隔离中”要少见得多。以下是一些例子:
所有冠状病毒病例的密切接触者都已被隔离。
在他的同学检测呈阳性后，这名11岁的男孩于周四被隔离。
许多国家对其所有人口进行严格隔离，以防止病毒传播。
比较这些“隔离”显示方式的示例。
一些学校还向被隔离的学生提供膳食。
新西兰要求所有旅行者在酒店隔离10天。
请注意，在我们的示例中，单词“放置”和“放置”出现在“在隔离”之前。通常会有一个官方组织采取这种行动。
你也可以找到把某人“隔离”的例子，但它们不太常见。
塞缪尔，对你的问题的简单回答是，在你的例子中，你把"under"或"in"放在 "quarantine"之前没有错，但英语母语者在陈述句中更可能把"under quarantine"放在动词"put"之后:
当他到达合肥时，他被隔离在一家隔离酒店。
关于美式英语你有什么问题?给我们发邮件learningenglish@voanews.com
那就是“请教老师”。我是吉尔·罗宾斯。