In a recent Everyday Grammar story, we asked our listeners and online fans to tell us about their favorite books. 
We received many wonderful messages from our audience around the world. Thanks to all for the great exchange.
In today’s report, we will take a close look at one of these notes. Language teacher Orhan wrote to us from Iran, where he teaches Turkish.
Orhan described an important day and an important book in his life.
He wrote:
I am Orhan from Iran.
When I was 20 years old, I was visiting my father's family in Tabriz that I saw my cousin was reading a book in Turkish.
We suggest removing “that” and breaking the sentence into two shorter statements. 
The sentence could also use the simple past – “visited” instead of “was visiting.”
The updated sentence could be something like this:
When I was 20 years old, I visited my father’s family in Tabriz and saw my cousin reading a book in Turkish.
Orhan’s next line gives more details about why the Turkish book interested him:
Despite being millions of Turkish speaking people in Iran , our mother language , Turkish , is not formal and there is not schools that teach in Turkish so I didn't see a Turkish book until that day.
We suggest breaking the sentence into shorter individual sentences and then re-ordering the ideas. 
Let’s put the sentence, “I had never seen a Turkish book before that day,” first. It flows well from the sentence just before, “... and saw my cousin reading a book in Turkish.”
There are a few grammatical changes we might make as well. For example, “…there is not schools...” should be “there are no schools....”
We also suggest replacing “despite” with “although.”
The updated sentences might go like this:
I had never seen a Turkish book before that day.
Although there are millions of Turkish speakers in Iran, Turkish is not an official language. There are no schools that teach in Turkish.
Orhan then wrote:
Based on my request my cousin gave me that Turkish book.
The sentence could be simplified to the following:
My cousin gave me that Turkish book.
Then Orhan explained the effect the book had on his life.
I learned grammar of Turkish by reading that book and interested in Turkish literature so I went Turkey to study Turkish literature.
We suggest using “Turkish grammar” instead of “grammar of Turkish.” The updated sentences might go like this:
I learned Turkish grammar by reading that book. I became interested in Turkish literature, so I went to Turkey to study the subject.
Orhan ends his piece with:
That thin book is my favourite book and changed my whole life.
The ending words - “changed my whole life” - are the most important. They could stand as their own sentence, as in:
It changed my whole life.
Here is Orhan’s message with our suggested changes:
I am Orhan from Iran.
When I was 20 years old, I visited my father’s family in Tabriz and saw my cousin reading a book in Turkish. I had never seen a Turkish book before that day.
Although there are millions of Turkish speakers in Iran, Turkish is not an official language. There are no schools that teach in Turkish.
My cousin gave me that Turkish book. I learned Turkish grammar by reading it. I became interested in Turkish literature, so I went to Turkey to study the subject.
That thin book is my favorite book. It changed my whole life.
We thank Orhan for his message and wish him continued success in his teaching and in his English studies.
If you would like to receive writing advice, write us a short message of 4-6 sentences. Talk about your favorite movie – when you saw it, what it means to you. 
Maybe your message will be chosen for our next exploration of writing on Everyday Grammar.
I’m John Russell.

译文:
在《每日语法》最近的一个故事中，我们请我们的听众和在线粉丝告诉我们他们最喜欢的书。
我们收到了来自世界各地观众的许多精彩信息。感谢这些很棒的交流。
在今天的报告中，我们将仔细研究其中的一个。语言老师Orhan从伊朗给我们写信，他在那里教土耳其语。
Orhan描述了他生命中一个重要的日子和一本重要的书。
他写道:
我是Orhan，来自伊朗。
当我20岁的时候，我去大不里士拜访我父亲的家族，我看到我的表弟在读一本土耳其语的书。
我们建议去掉“that”，把句子分成两个更短的陈述。
这个句子也可以用简单的过去式——“visited”而不是“was visiting”。
更新后的句子可能是这样的:
当我20岁的时候，我去大不里士拜访我父亲的家，看到我的表弟在读一本土耳其语的书。
Orhan的下一句话更详细地说明了这本土耳其书为什么让他感兴趣:
尽管伊朗有数百万人说土耳其语，但我们的母语土耳其语不是正式语言，也没有学校用土耳其语教学，所以直到那天我才看到一本土耳其书。
我们建议把这个句子分解成更短的单独的句子，然后重新排列意思。
让我们先说这句话:“在那天之前，我从未见过土耳其书。”它很好的衔接了上面的句子，“……看到我表弟在读一本土耳其语的书。”
我们还可以做一些语法上的修改。例如，“…there is not schools...” 应该是“there are no schools....”
我们还建议将“despite”替换为“although”。
更新后的句子可能是这样的:
在那天之前，我从未见过一本土耳其书。
虽然在伊朗有数百万说土耳其语的人，但土耳其语并不是官方语言。没有学校用土耳其语教学。
Orhan接着写道:
根据我的要求，我表弟给了我那本土耳其书。
这句话可以简化为:
我表弟给了我那本土耳其书。
然后Orhan解释了这本书对他生活的影响。
我通过阅读那本书学会了土耳其语的语法，对土耳其文学感兴趣，所以我去了土耳其学习土耳其文学。
我们建议用“土耳其语语法”代替“土耳其语语法”。更新后的句子可能是这样的:
我通过读那本书学会了土耳其语语法。我对土耳其文学产生了兴趣，所以我去土耳其研究这个课题。
Orhan在文章结尾写道:
那本薄薄的书是我最喜欢的书，改变了我的整个人生。
结尾的那句话——“改变了我的整个人生”——是最重要的。它们可以作为独立的句子，比如:
它改变了我的整个人生。
以下是Orhan对我们建议的修改:
我是Orhan，来自伊朗。
当我20岁的时候，我去大不里士拜访我父亲的家族，看到我的表弟在读一本土耳其语的书。在那天之前，我从未见过一本土耳其书。
虽然在伊朗有数百万说土耳其语的人，但土耳其语并不是官方语言。没有学校用土耳其语教学。
我表弟给了我那本土耳其书。我通过阅读学习土耳其语语法。我对土耳其文学产生了兴趣，所以我去土耳其研究这个课题。
那本薄薄的书是我最喜欢的书。它改变了我的整个人生。
我们感谢Orhan的信息，并祝愿他在教学和英语学习方面继续取得成功。
如果你想获得写作建议，请给我们写4-6句话的短消息。谈谈你最喜欢的电影——当你看它的时候，它对你意味着什么。
也许你的信息会被选为《每日语法》下一期的探索写作的内容。
我是约翰·拉塞尔。