Hello! This week on Ask a Teacher, we will answer a question about the difference between “still” and “yet.”
Dear teacher, I am delighted to write you this email. ~
I am hoping that I will get some good explanations about using similar words such as “still” and “yet.”
Looking forward to reading the answer!
Thank you, Arios from the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Dear Arios, Thank you for writing to us. We still have not covered this subject.
“Still” and “yet” have very different meanings and uses, yet in some situations, they can be used in the same way.
Let us begin by looking at “still.”
Although “still” can be an adjective, noun or verb, we often use it as an adverb. ~
As an adverb, “still” describes an action that began in the past and continues into the present. We often use it before the base verb.
For example,
She still talks with her college friends years later.
I have been eating all day, but I’m still hungry!
Using “still” in negative statements means that the action should change, but it has not.
I still haven't finished cleaning. There is just too much to do.
Let's move on to “yet.”
“Yet” can be either an adverb or a conjunction, which links two clauses together.
As an adverb “yet” refers to an action that has not happened but is expected. Someone might be waiting for it to happen. We often use it with negative statements.
As a conjunction “yet” means “but at the same time.”
Let us look at a few examples:
You want to get the project done, yet you also want to be fair with everyone involved.
They aimed to honor the establishment of the policy, yet it had many shortcomings that left members unsure.
Both of these sentences contain two clauses involving action that is taking place at the same time.
Other uses as a conjunction can show difference:
The sun is out, yet it is very cold.
“Yet” is used to create a contrast and combine the clauses into one sentence.
“Yet” can also be used as an adverb:
I have yet to receive my package.
In this case, the person is waiting for their package to arrive.
Have you made dinner yet, Faith?
No, I haven’t. I’ve been too busy working.
“Yet” is often used at the end of the statement or question.
Both “yet’ and “still” can be used in the same way when talking about situations in the past using negative statements that continue into the present.
He still has not returned my phone call.
He has not returned my phone call yet.
Note that “still” goes before the verb and “yet” is at the end of the sentence.
Some native speakers notice a slightly different tone when saying these words aloud. ~
If “still” is used, this could be a sign of being upset or impatient with the situation, especially if “still” is emphasized while speaking. As in:
He still has not returned my phone call.
Please let us know if these explanations have helped you, Arios!
What question do you have about American English? Send us an email at learningenglish@voanews.com
And that’s Ask a Teacher. I’m Faith Pirlo. And I'm Jill Robbins.


你好!本周的“有问必答”节目中，我们将回答一个关于“still”和“yet”的区别的问题。
敬爱的老师，我很高兴给您写这封邮件。～
我希望我能得到一些关于使用“still”和“yet”等类似词汇的好的解释。
期待看到答案!
谢谢你，来自刚果民主共和国的Arios。
亲爱的Arios，谢谢你给我们写信。我们还没有谈到过这个问题。
 "Still" 和 "yet" 有非常不同的含义和用法，但在某些情况下，它们可以以相同的方式使用。
让我们从“still”开始。
尽管 "Still" 可以是形容词、名词或动词，但我们经常把它用作副词。～
作为副词， "Still" 描述的是一个从过去开始一直持续到现在的动作。我们经常在动词基本形式前使用它。
例如,
多年以后，她仍然和大学里的朋友聊天。
我已经吃了一整天了，但我还是很饿!
在否定句中使用“still”意味着动作应该改变，但它没有改变。
我还没打扫完。要做的事情太多了。
让我们继续说“yet”。
“Yet”既可以是副词，也可以是连词，把两个从句连在一起。
作为副词，“yet” 指的是尚未发生但被期待的行为。可能有人在等着这事发生。我们经常用它来表示否定的陈述。
作为连词 “yet” 的意思是 “但是在同一时间”。
让我们来看几个例子:
你想要完成项目，但你也想要公平对待参与其中的每个人。
他们的目标是尊重政策的建立，但它有许多缺点，让成员不确定。
这两个句子都包含两个从句，涉及同时发生的动作。
作为连词的其他用法可以表示不同:
太阳出来了，但天气很冷。
“Yet” 用于形成对比，并将从句组合成一个句子。
“Yet” 也可以用作副词:
我还没有收到我的包裹。
在这种情况下，人们正在等待他们的包裹到达。
你做晚饭了吗，Faith?
不,我没有。我工作太忙了。
“Yet”常用于陈述句或疑问句的结尾。
当我们用否定说法谈论过去的情况，并且那种情况会持续到现在时, “yet” 和 “still” 都可以用同样的方式来使用。（when...到结尾都是状语, 放在句首更符合中文习惯）
他到现在还没有回我电话。
他还没有回我的电话。
注意， "Still" 在动词前面，而 "yet" 在句末。
一些以英语为母语的人在大声说这些单词时能注意到稍微不同的语气。～
如果用了 “still”，这可能是一种对现状感到不安或不耐烦的信号，尤其是在说话时强调了“still”。如:
他到现在还没有回我电话。
请让我们知道这些解释是否对你有帮助，阿里奥斯!
你对美式英语有什么问题?给我们发邮件到learningenglish@voanews.com
以上就是本期的“有问必答”。我是 Faith Pirlo。我是 Jill Robbins。