Scrabble is a popular word game in which players put letters of the alphabet together to form words. ~
It helps when a player remembers unusual words to use in the game.
This month, the game is about to get more interesting with 500 new words and variations added to The Official Scrabble Players Dictionary.
Some of the new words include stan, sitch, convo, zedonk, dox, and fauxhawk. ~
They will be a part of the more than 100,000 words of two to eight letters in the dictionary.
The book was last brought up to date in 2018 through a longstanding partnership between Hasbro, the maker of Scrabble, and the Merriam-Webster dictionary.
Peter Sokolowski is Merriam-Webster’s editor at large. ~
He said the editors look at the often-updated online database at Merriam-Webster.com to expand the Scrabble dictionary.
But Scrabble players only look for eight-letter words that help them clear their racks for 50 extra points. ~
Sokolowski said the new word fauxhawk has the highest possible points for a new word.
Fauxhawk is a haircut similar to a Mohawk. ~
Embiggen, a verb meaning to increase in size, is among the unexpected. For example, ~
“I really need to embiggen that Scrabble dictionary.”
Other eight-letter words include hogsbane, more commonly known as giant hogweed, and pranayam, a breathing technique in yoga.
The new words include shorter versions of other words like guac for guacamole. ~
And there are more variations in the use of nouns as verbs, like adulted and adulting.
Sokolowski told the Associated Press, “We also turned verb into a verb so you can play verbed and verbing.”
Compound words are words created by combining two or more words. ~
In the new dictionary, there are deadname, pageview, babymoon, and subtweet. ~
So are words with “un,” such as unfollow and unsub. They may sound familiar, but they were never in Scrabble’s official dictionary.
The new dictionary includes at least one old-sounding word that simply was forgotten for years: yeehaw.
“Yeehaw is like so many of the older, informal terms. ~
They were more spoken than written, and the gold standard for dictionary editing was always written evidence. ~
So a term like yeehaw, which we all know from our childhood and in movies and TV, was something you heard. ~
You didn’t read it that often,” Sokolowski said.
The editors have also added many new words related to food. ~
They include iftar, horchata, kabocha, mofongo, zoodle, wagyu, and queso.
Scrabble players, however, only care about scoring more points with the words than their meaning.
But if you want to know: Iftar is a meal taken by Muslims at sundown to break the daily fast during the holiday season of Ramadan. ~
Mofongo is a traditional food from Puerto Rico. ~
Horchata is a sweet drink and kabocha is a winter squash.
For the rest, you will have to look them up yourself.
In the last year or two, Scrabble has also removed more than 200 offensive words. ~
They may, however, still be present in older Scrabble dictionaries.
Sokolowski would not say what all the 500 new words were. ~
He said the players should hunt them down on their own. And he added, “You’ve got some fun new words.”
So which new word is his favorite? “I like eggcorn,” Sokolowski said, “because it’s a word about words.”
The dictionary says eggcorn is a word or phrase that sounds like and is mistakenly used for another word.
I’m Gregory Stachel.

拼字游戏是一种流行的文字游戏，玩家将字母表中的字母组合在一起组成单词。～
当玩家记住在游戏中使用的不寻常的单词时，这是有帮助的。
这个月，《拼字游戏官方词典》将收录500个新单词和变体，这款游戏将变得更加有趣。
一些新词包括stan, sitch, convo, zedonk, dox和fauxhawk。～
它们将成为字典中2到8个字母组成的10万多个单词的一部分。
这本书最近一次更新是在2018年，通过拼字游戏制造商孩之宝和韦氏词典的长期合作。
Peter Sokolowski 是《韦氏词典》的特约编辑。～
他说，编辑们会参考merriam - webster网站上经常更新的在线数据库来扩充拼字游戏词典。
但拼字游戏玩家只寻找能帮助他们清理货架上的额外50分的8个字母的单词。～
Sokolowski 说，新词fauxhawk在新词中得分最高。
Fauxhawk是一种类似于莫霍克式的发型。～
Embiggen是一个动词，意思是体积的增加，是意料之外的。例如，~
“我真的需要扩充那本拼字词典。”
其他八个字母的单词包括hogsbane(通常被称为巨型猪草)和pranayam(瑜伽中的一种呼吸技巧)。
这些新词包括其他单词的简短版本，比如鳄梨酱的guac。～
名词作为动词的用法也有更多的变化，比如adulted和adulting。
Sokolowski对美联社表示:“我们还把动词变成了动词，这样你就可以玩动词和动词的游戏了。”
复合词是由两个或多个单词组合而成的单词。～
在新词典中，有deadname、pageview、babymoon和subtweet。～
还有带" un "的词，比如"unfollow"和"unsub"它们可能听起来很熟悉，但在Scrabble的官方词典中从未出现过。
这部新词典至少收录了一个听起来很古老但已经被遗忘多年的单词:yeehaw。
“Yeehaw就像许多古老的非正式术语一样。～
它们更多的是口头的，而不是书面的，而字典编辑的黄金标准总是书面证据。～
所以像yeehaw这样的词，我们从小就知道，在电影和电视中，你会听到。～
你不会经常读它，” Sokolowski说。
编辑们还增加了许多与食物有关的新词。～
他们包括开斋饭，horchata, kabocha, mofongo, zoodle，wagyu 和 queso。
然而，拼字游戏玩家只关心用单词来得分，而不是意思。
但如果你想知道的话: Iftar 是穆斯林在斋月假期期间在日落时分吃的一顿饭。～
Mofongo是波多黎各的传统食物。～
Horchata是一种甜饮料，kabocha是一种冬南瓜。
至于其他的，你得自己去查。
在过去的一两年里，Scrabble还删除了200多个冒犯性词汇。～
然而，它们可能仍然存在于旧的拼字词典中。
Sokolowski 不愿说出全部500个新单词都是什么。～
他说玩家们应该自己去发现它们。他补充说，“你有一些有趣的新词。”
那么他最喜欢哪个新词呢?“我喜欢eggcorn(蛋玉米?)，” Sokolowski说，“因为这是一个关于单词的单词。”
字典上说，eggcorn 用来形容一个单词或短语，它听起来像另一个单词，被错误地用作另一个单词。(例如: real trooper 和 real trouper, )
我是 Gregory Stachel。