Imagine a time when you heard information about the personal life or behavior of another person – a friend, a neighbor, a classmate, or even a famous person.
In other words, you heard gossip.
What kinds of terms and structures do English speakers commonly use to gossip? ~
Let’s start with a few important terms and definitions.
Gossip is information about the personal lives and behavior of other people. The information can be either correct or incorrect.
While many people have a bad opinion of gossip (at least when they are the subject of it), the reality is that most people join in it from time to time.
English speakers commonly use a few verbs when gossiping. These verbs often connect with the senses such as hearing and seeing.
For example:
I heard that Tom got into trouble. Sally said she saw the police arrest him!
In the example, we have the past forms heard and saw. ~
Note that the speaker is telling information about Tom’s life and possible behavior. ~
The speaker did not actually experience the events.
In our example, the speaker reported something. This is a general way that gossip spreads: one person says or tells something to another person. ~
As a result, verbs that describe speaking – such as tell or say – are commonly used in gossip. ~
Consider these examples:
Sally told me about Tom’s troubles.
Sally said Tom has been getting into trouble.
Gossip often makes up part of a larger discussion. ~
As a result, speakers often bring up the subject of gossip by asking a question. ~
The helping verbs do and have play an especially important part in these questions. ~
This is because these helping verbs are used to create yes or no questions.
Let’s explore one common structure:
do or have + subject + main verb + the rest of the sentence.
For example:
Did you hear about Tom?
Have you heard about what Tom did?
Note that the main verb in both of these examples is hear (or heard). ~
Although the verb’s exact meaning connects with the ear or the sense of hearing, it often also has a broader meaning. ~
In other words, it can also mean to be aware of something.
For example, a person might say they “heard about a scandal” even if they learned of the scandal by reading about it in a newspaper or on the internet.
Let’s take some time to work with these ideas. Use the verb hear to talk about a famous actor's divorce.
Pause the audio to consider your answer.
Here is one possible answer:
I heard about the actor’s divorce.
Now form a question about a person named Sally. Be sure to use helping verbs such as do or have.
Pause the audio to consider your answer.
Here are two possible answers:
Did you hear about Sally?
Have you heard about Sally?
The goal of today’s report was not to make you want to gossip. ~
Rather, the goal was to get you thinking about how grammar connects with a common subject of discussion.
The next time you listen to English speakers – perhaps in a movie or show – pay careful attention to how they share information. ~
And if you notice questions such as “Did you hear about....?” or “Have you heard about....?” then you might want to prepare yourself to listen to some gossip.
I’m John Russell.

想象一下，当你听到另一个人的个人生活或行为的信息——一个朋友，一个邻居，一个同学，甚至是一个名人。
换句话说，你听到了八卦。
说英语的人通常用什么样的术语和结构来八卦?～
让我们从一些重要的术语和定义开始。
八卦是关于别人的个人生活和行为的信息。这些信息可能是正确的，也可能是错误的。
虽然很多人都不喜欢八卦(至少当他们成为八卦的对象时)，但事实是，大多数人都时不时地加入八卦的行列。
说英语的人在闲聊时通常会用到几个动词。这些动词常与诸如听觉和视觉等感官联系在一起。
例如:
我听说汤姆惹上麻烦了。莎莉说她看到警察逮捕了他!
在这个例子中，我们有过去式heard和saw。～
注意说话者正在讲述汤姆的生活和可能的行为。～
演讲者并没有真正经历这些事件。
在我们的例子中，说话者报告了一些事情。这是八卦传播的一般方式:一个人说某事或将某事告诉另一个人。～
因此，描述说话的动词——如tell或say——通常在八卦中使用。～
考虑以下例子:
萨莉把汤姆的烦恼告诉了我。
萨莉说汤姆惹上麻烦了。
八卦常常是大讨论的一部分。～
因此，说话者经常通过提问的方式提出八卦的话题。～
助动词在这些问题中起着特别重要的作用。～
这是因为助动词用来制造是或否的问题。
让我们来探索一个常见的结构:
Do or have +主语+主动动词+句子其余部分。
例如:
你听说汤姆的事了吗?
你听说汤姆做的事了吗?
注意，这两个例子的主动动词都是hear(或heard)。～
虽然动词的确切含义与耳朵或听觉有关，但它通常还有更广泛的含义。～
换句话说，它也可以指意识到某事。
例如，一个人可能会说他们“听说了一个丑闻”，即使他们是通过报纸或互联网了解到的。
让我们花点时间来研究这些想法。用动词hear来谈论一个著名演员的离婚。
暂停音频，考虑你的答案。
下面是一个可能的答案:
我听说那个演员离婚了。
现在提出一个关于一个叫Sally的人的问题。一定要使用帮助动词，如do或have。
暂停音频，考虑你的答案。
以下是两种可能的答案:
你听说莎莉的事了吗?
你听说过莎莉的事吗?
今天报道的目的不是让你想要八卦。～
相反，我们的目标是让你思考语法是如何与一个共同的讨论主题联系起来的。
下次你听说英语的人说话时——也许是在电影或节目中——要仔细注意他们是如何分享信息的。～
如果你注意到诸如“你听说过....吗?”或“你听说过....吗?”那你可能要准备好听一些八卦了。
我是 John Russell。