原文

And now, Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
The English language has several expressions that describe things that happen very fast. 
Today we will talk about several. Some involve body parts. And some involve acts of nature.
Let’s start with our bodies.
There are some things we humans we do very quickly – namely our blinking eyes and beating hearts. 
Those bodily actions happen incredibly fast. So, we use “in the blink of an eye” and “in a heartbeat” to describe things that happen in no time at all.
Here are some examples:
She accepted the new job in a heartbeat. She didn’t need to think about it at all.
When he hit the lottery, all his money problems disappeared in the blink of an eye.
Now, some may say that “blink of an eye” is redundant. 
After all, the only part of the body we can blink are the eyes. So just saying “blink” is enough. "She blinked and her friend was gone!" 
But when we use the expression, we always say the word “eye.”
We also don’t think about blinking our eyes or beating our hearts – well, hopefully we don’t. 
So, the expressions also mean that no thought was involved in the action.
If something happens in the blink of an eye or in a heartbeat, it happens “in no time flat.” 
This strange little phrase also means something happens in a very short amount of time. 
For example, my friend reached my house in no time flat. She wasted no time in getting here!
Okay, now let’s talk about the expressions from the natural world.
If you are very fast, we might compare you to two powers in nature: wind and lightning. These two are usually used in the form of a simile. A simile compares things using “like” or ”as.”
And we usually use them when describing a person’s actions. So, we might say you move or run like the wind! Or we might say you are as fast as lightning.
With lightning, we could also the words with a hyphen and say you are lightning-fast!
Also, when lightning happens, it happens as a flash of lightning or bolt of lightning. Both these words, flash and bolt, are also used to describe fast things.
If something happens in a flash, it happens at lightning speed. And if I bolt somewhere, I run very fast to get there. For example, when it started to rain, I bolted to my car!
Now let’s hear some friends use these expression together. They are waiting for a third friend in front of a movie theater.
A: Hi! Thanks for coming to the movies with me.
B: I love movies! As soon as you texted, I responded in a heartbeat.
A: It’s a good thing I came early and got tickets. They sold out in the blink of an eye. Hey, where’s Steve?
B: He had some work to finish up. So, he might be a bit late.
A: Oh, look there he is now! Hey Steve! Looks like you ran all the way here.
C: I was running FROM work not TO the movies. So, what’s the name of the movie anyway?
A: Lightning McGrady and the Race Against Time !
B: Sounds great! I can’t wait! Um … what’s it about?
C: A fast man. Now, let’s go inside and get a seat.
A: He’s not just fast. He’s lightning-fast! When he runs, he can slow down time. Hey, who wants popcorn or a drink?
B: There’s no time! People are going in! You’ll miss the trailers! And you love trailers!
A: No problem. I’ll be back in a flash!
C: Hold on. I’ll go buy drinks and popcorn. After all, you bought the tickets. Just save me a seat.
A: Great Steve! Thanks!
And that’s all the time we have for this Words and Their Stories.
Until next time … I’m Anna Matteo.   

译文

这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
英语中有几个短语用来描述发生得非常快的事情。
今天我们将讨论几个。有些涉及身体部位。有些涉及到自然行为。
先从我们的身体开始。
有些事情我们人类做得非常快，比如眨眼和心跳。
这些身体活动发生得非常快。所以，我们用 “in the blink of a eye” 和 “in a heartbeat” 来描述瞬间发生的事情。
以下是一些例子:
她很快就接受了新工作。她根本不需要考虑这件事。
当他中了彩票，他所有的资金问题眨眼间就消失了。
现在，有些人可能会说“眨眼”是多余的。
毕竟，我们唯一能眨眼的身体部位就是眼睛。所以说“眨眼”就足够了。“她眨了眨眼，她的朋友就不见了!”
但是当我们使用这个表达时，我们总是会说“眼睛”这个词。
我们也不会在心里思考眨眼或心跳——好吧，希望我们不会。
所以，这些表达不会涉及具体的动作。
如果某事发生在眨眼或心跳中，它就会 “in no time flat” 发生。 (in no time flat 做状语)
这个奇怪的短语还表示某事在很短的时间内发生。
例如，我的朋友很快就到了我家。她没有浪费时间就到了这里!
好了，现在我们来谈谈来自自然世界的表达。
如果你的速度非常快，我们可以把你比作自然界的两种力量:风和闪电。这两个词通常以比喻的形式使用。明喻用“like”或“as”来比较事物。
我们通常在描述一个人的行为时使用它们。所以，我们可以说你像风一样移动或奔跑!或者我们可以说你像闪电一样快。
对于闪电，我们也可以把单词加上连字符，说你闪电般的快!
此外，当闪电发生时，它以闪光或雷电的形式发生。flash和bolt这两个词也可以用来形容速度快的事物。
如果某事发生在电光石火之间，它的速度是闪电般的。如果我闪到某个地方，说明我会跑得很快。例如，一开始下雨，我就急匆匆地闪进车里!
现在我们来听一些朋友一起使用这些表达。他们在电影院前等第三个朋友。
A:嗨!谢谢你和我一起去看电影。
B:我喜欢电影!你一发短信，我就立刻回复了。
A:还好我来得早，买到了票。转眼间就卖光了。嘿,史蒂夫在哪儿?
B:他有一些工作要完成。所以，他可能会晚一点到。
A:哦，看，他来了!嘿,史蒂夫!看来你是一路跑过来的。
C:我是赶着下班，不是去看电影。那这部电影叫什么名字?
A:闪电麦蒂和与时间赛跑!
B:听起来太棒了!我等不及了!嗯，是关于什么的?
C:闪侠。现在，我们进去找个座位坐下吧。
A:他不仅快。是闪电般的快!当他跑步的时候，他可以让时间慢下来。谁想要爆米花和饮料?
B:没时间了!人们都进去了!你会错过预告片的!你喜欢预告片!
答:没有问题。我马上就回来!
C:等等。我去买饮料和爆米花。毕竟，票是你买的。给我留个座位。
答:太好了史蒂夫!谢谢!
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。
欢迎收看下期节目，我是安娜·马特奥。