Two popular singers, Taylor Swift and Lana Del Rey, came out with a song together called Snow on the Beach. ~
The song is about two people falling in love with each other at the same time, which is uncommon — like snow falling on a beach.
In this week’s Everyday Grammar, we look closely at this song. ~
While there are many grammatical structures in it, we will look at just two words: “unbeknownst” and “‘til.”
Let’s listen to parts of Snow on the Beach:
I saw flecks of what could've been lights, But it might just have been you, Passing by unbeknownst to me… And it's fine to fake it 'til you make it,‘Til you do ‘Til it's true
The word “unbeknownst” is an adjective meaning “not known or existing without knowledge of someone.”
“Unbeknownst” sounds very old. ~
It has the suffix “st” which was put on the ends of some words hundreds of years ago. ~
However, “unbeknownst” is a “newer” version of the old adjective “unbeknown.”
Today it is more common to hear someone using the adjective “unknown,” but from time to time you will hear “unbeknownst,” just like in the Taylor Swift song.
So how do we use this adjective?
We mostly use “unbeknownst” with the preposition “to.”
Something or someone is “unbeknownst to” someone else.
Here, once again, are the lyrics of Swift’s Snow on the Beach.
I saw flecks of what could've been lights / But it might just have been you / Passing by unbeknownst to me…
We have the structure:
“...you (passing by) unbeknownst to me.”
“Unbeknownst to me” is an adjective phrase. Adjective phrases contain an adjective that describe a noun that is close to the phrase.
In this part of the song, “unbeknownst to me” as an adjective phrase is actually describing the direct object, the noun of “you.”
Let’s look at some other examples of how we can use “unbeknownst.”
Her mom’s wedding dress in the back of the closet was unbeknownst to her.
Here the adjective phrase of “unbeknownst…” is modifying the noun and subject of the sentence “wedding dress.”
We can also use “unbeknownst” in the beginning of a sentence:
Unbeknownst to many cat owners, dry cat food can make their cats very thirsty.
Here cat owners do not know that dry food can make cats want water.
Now let’s consider “’til.”
The word “’til” is a shorter form of “until.” We use it in everyday speech, especially when telling time or using dates.
We use “until” for somewhat formal writing. ~
The word “’til” often appears in spoken language and in writing, like in songs or poems.
“Until” and “’til” mean “up to a certain point or event in time.” ~
They can be either a preposition or a conjunction, linking two clauses together.
Let us look at how Taylor uses “’til” in Snow on the Beach:
And it's fine to fake it 'til you make it / ‘Til you do / ‘Til it's true
In all three lines of the song, Swift uses “’til” as a conjunction, linking the first clause to the second.
And it’s fine to fake it + ‘til + you make it
First clause + conjunction “’til” + second clause.
Remember that a clause is a group of words that contains a subject and a predicate. ~
Clauses do not always contain a complete thought, like a sentence does.
We can take the three other lines and create two additional sentences:
And it's fine to fake it 'til you do.
And it's fine to fake it 'til it's true.
In these sentences, “’til” is still a conjunction, linking the first clause with the second clause to make a complete sentence.
Let us look at some other examples of how “’til” can be used as a preposition.
We can use “’til” just like “until” with points or events in time. Here are some examples.
We have ‘til Friday to get the report done.
Andrew: What time is it?
Jill: It’s 10 minutes ‘til 6 PM or 5:50 PM.
In the summer, it does not get dark ‘til later in the evening.
Today we looked at two interesting words from the song Snow on the Beach by Taylor Swift and Lana Del Rey, “unbeknownst” and “’til.” ~
Both of these words are newer forms of much older words.
“Unbeknownst” is an adjective and is often used with the preposition “to.”
“’Til” is the short form of the word “until” and can be used as either a preposition or a conjunction.
Now it’s your turn. Have you heard or tried to use these words before? ~
Do you know any other words with similar meanings or usages?
Let us know in the comments!
I’m Faith Pirlo. I'm Andrew Smith. And I'm Jill Robbins.

两位流行歌手， Taylor Swift 和 Lana Del Rey ，共同推出了一首名为《沙滩上的雪》的歌曲。～
这首歌讲的是两个人同时爱上了对方，这是不常见的——就像雪花落在海滩上一样。
在本周的《每日语法》节目中，我们来仔细看看这首歌。～
虽然它有很多语法结构，但我们只看两个单词:“unbeknownst”和“'til”。
让我们来听一听《Snow on the Beach》中的部分内容:
我看到了可能是光的光点，但那可能只是你，在我不知道的情况下从我身边经过，假装它很好，直到你做到了，直到它是真的
“unbeknownst”这个词是一个形容词，意思是“不为人所知的 或 不被某人了解但存在着的”。
“unbeknownst”听起来很古老。～
它有后缀“st”，几百年前就被放在一些单词的末尾了。～
然而，“unbeknownst”是旧形容词“unbeknown”的“新版本”。
今天，我们更常听到某人使用形容词“unknown”，但你不时会听到“unbeknownst”，就像在 Taylor Swift 的歌中一样。
那么这个形容词怎么用呢?
我们通常用“unbeknownst”和介词“to”连用。
某事或某人对另一个人来说是“不知道的”。
再看一次 Swift 的《Snow on the Beach》的歌词。
我看到了可能是灯光的光点/但那可能只是你/在我不知情的情况下经过……
我们有这样的结构:
“我不知道你(经过了我)。”
“Unbeknownst to me”是一个形容词短语。形容词短语包含一个形容词，用来描述一个接近该短语的名词。
在这首歌的这部分，“Unbeknownst to me”作为一个形容词短语，实际上是在描述直接宾语，名词“you”。
让我们来看一些如何使用“Unbeknownst”的其他例子。(形容词短语本质上还是形容词, 例如: You are unbeknowst to me. - unbeknowst to me 是形容词短语, 修饰 you. 这句话的意思是 "你是不被人所知的,对于我来说." )
她不知道壁橱后面她妈妈的结婚礼服。
在这里，形容词短语“unbeknownst…”修饰了句子“wedding dress”的名词和主语。
我们也可以在句子的开头用“unbeknownst”:
许多猫主人不知道的是，干猫粮会让他们的猫非常口渴。
这里的猫主人不知道干粮会让猫想喝水。
现在让我们考虑一下“直到”。
单词 “'til” 是 “until” 的缩写形式。我们在日常生活中使用它，特别是在讲述时间或使用日期时。
我们在一些正式的写作中使用until。～
“'til” 这个词经常出现在口语和书面语中，比如在歌曲或诗歌中。
“Until” 和 “'til” 的意思是 “直到某个时间点或事件为止”。~
它们既可以是介词，也可以是连词，把两个从句连在一起。
让我们来看看泰勒在《Snow on the Beach》中是如何使用 “’til” 的:
假装它很好，直到你实现它/直到你做到/直到它是真的
在这首歌的三行中，斯威夫特用 “'til” 作为连词，连接了第一个从句和第二个从句。
在你成功之前，假装成功也没关系
第一个从句 + 连词 "'til" + 第二个从句。
记住，从句是一组包含主语和谓语的词。～
从句不像句子那样总是包含一个完整的思想。
我们可以用另外三行创建两个额外的句子:
你可以假装，直到你真正做到。
假装它直到它是真的也没关系。
在这些句子中，“'til” 仍然是连词，连接第一个从句和第二个从句组成一个完整的句子。
让我们来看看 "'til"如何用作介词的其他例子。
我们可以像 "until" 一样用 "'til" 来表示时间上的点或事件。这里有一些例子。
我们要到星期五才能完成报告。
安德鲁:几点了?
吉尔:现在是下午6点或5点50分。
在夏天，天要到傍晚才会黑下来。
今天我们看到了 Taylor Swift 和 Lana Del Rey 在歌曲《Snow on the Beach》中的两个有趣的单词，“unbeknownst” 和 “'til”。”~
这两个词都是较老词的新形式。
“unbeknownst” 是一个形容词，经常与介词 “to” 连用。
“'Til” 是单词 “until” 的缩写形式，既可以用作介词，也可以用作连词。
现在轮到你了。你以前听过或者试过用这些词吗?～
你还知道其他有类似意思或用法的单词吗?
请在评论中告诉我们!
我是 Faith Pirlo。我是 Andrew Smith。我是 Jill Robbins。