And now, Words and Their Stories, from VOA Learning English.
On this program, we explore words and expressions in the English language. We give examples and notes on usage. And sometimes we tell you how the expression came into use.
Today we talk about train tracks.
Imagine a town that has a railroad and train tracks running through it. ~
~ Trains may be great to travel on, but crossing their tracks can be dangerous. Bright lights and warning signals at tracks can only do so much. Train tracks often will divide a town in two.
One side is often more desirable than the other. ~
~ The houses are usually bigger or newer. Public resources, like schools and parks, are more available or are better operated. There might be better stores, restaurants and fewer crimes reported on the desirable side of town.
The other side of the tracks, and town, might be poorer. ~
~ The houses are smaller or less modern. It also might be where factories, trash dumps, and other industrial sites are found. Community centers, playgrounds, and similar places may be few and far between. This means there aren’t many of these facilities.
That kind of town, separated by a “good” side and a “bad” side, is at the heart of the expression the “wrong side of the tracks.”
"Tracks" refers to the railroad tracks. These sometimes were thought of as splitting a town between the haves and have nots. If I am from the wrong side of the tracks, I am from the poor part of a town.
However, you don’t have to live in a town with railroad tracks to use this expression. And many towns with railroad tracks do not divide rich and poor people. ~
~ If I grew up in an underdeveloped, poor and possibly dangerous environment without railroad tracks, I could still say I grew up on the wrong side of the tracks.
We use this expression another way.
Sometimes we don’t even know where a person is from. But if they often cause trouble or get into trouble, someone might say they are bad news and are from the wrong side of tracks.
Now, crossing the tracks either for love or to create a richer life, is a popular idea in stories.
Many popular movies are about star-crossed lovers who are from different sides of the tracks. Their different economic conditions and cultural backgrounds form a barrier. ~
~ Their families and friends try to keep them apart. But in the end, they overcome these obstacles, fall in love, and live happily ever after. At least in the movies.
Dirty Dancing is one of these popular movies. She is a upper-middle class girl. He is a working-class dance teacher. ~
~ They meet at a summer camp and their shared joy of dance brings them together. The barriers break down.
Lady And The Tramp, Pretty Woman, and Grease are other very popular movies centered on this idea.
Now, sometimes the story concerns one character trying to move from the wrong side of the tracks to the right side. We can call this a rags-to-riches story. “Rags” here are old, poor clothing in disrepair. ~
~ Annie is a rags-to-riches story. She is a poor and parentless girl who gets adopted by a rich man.
Sometimes the story is about two groups of people from either side of the tracks who can’t seem to get over their differences and get along.
The film The Outsiders is a good example. The Greasers are from the wrong side of the tracks. The Socials are from the right side of the tracks. ~
~ In the story, however, both sides get into trouble. The Socials, or Socs, just have more money and better cars.
And that’s all the time we have for this Words and Their Stories. Don’t forget to practice using the expression "to be from the wrong or right side of the tracks."
Until next time, I’m Anna Matteo!

这里是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
在这个节目中，我们探索英语中的单词和短语。我们给出了用法的例子和注释。有时我们会告诉你这个表达是如何使用的。
今天我们来谈谈火车轨道。
想象一下，一个城镇有一条铁路，铁轨穿过城镇。
火车也许是旅行的好工具，但是穿越轨道可能是危险的。铁轨上明亮的灯光和警告信号只能起到这么多作用。铁轨常常把一个城镇一分为二。
其中, 一侧往往比另一侧更好。
这里的房子通常更大或更新。公共资源如学校和公园可以更容易被获得或更好地被运营（公共资源更多或更好）。在城市的好的一侧，商店、餐馆可能更好，犯罪率可能更低。
铁轨的另一侧，小镇，可能更穷。
这些房子较小或不那么现代化。它也可能是工厂、垃圾场和其他工业场所的所在地。社区中心、游乐场和类似的地方可能很少。这意味着这样的设施并不多。（解释上一句话）
那种被“好的”和“坏的”分割的城镇，是“wrong side of the tracks”这个表达的核心。
“Tracks”指的是铁路轨道。这有时被认为是将城镇划分为富人和穷人。如果我来自轨道的错误一侧，那我就是来自城镇的贫困地区。
然而，你不一定要住在有铁路的城镇才能使用这个表达。许多有铁路的城镇并没有划分富人和穷人。
如果我在一个没有铁路的不发达、贫穷甚至可能危险的环境中长大，我仍然可以说我是在轨道的错误一侧长大的。
我们用另一种方式来使用这个表达。
有时我们甚至不知道一个人来自哪里。但如果他们经常制造麻烦或陷入麻烦，有人可能会说他们是坏消息，来自轨道的错误一侧。
现在，在故事中,为了爱情，或者是为了创造更丰富的生活而"穿越铁轨"是一个常见情节.
许多受欢迎的电影都是关于来自不同社会阶层的命运多舛的恋人。他们不同的经济条件和文化背景形成了一个障碍。
他们的家人和朋友试图把他们分开。但最终，他们克服了这些障碍，坠入爱河，从此过上了幸福的生活。至少在电影里是这样。
《辣身舞》就是其中一部受欢迎的电影。她是中上层阶级的女孩。他是一个工人阶级的舞蹈老师。
他们在夏令营中相遇，共同的舞蹈乐趣使他们走到了一起。障碍被打破了。
《小姐与流浪汉》、《风月俏佳人》和《油脂》是其他非常受欢迎的电影。
现在，有时故事涉及到一个角色试图从轨道的错误一边移动到正确的一边。我们可以称之为白手起家的故事。这里的“破布”是指年久失修的旧衣服。
安妮是一个白手起家的故事。她是一个贫穷而没有父母的女孩，被一个富人收养了。
有时候这个故事是关于来自铁路两边的两组人，他们似乎无法克服他们的分歧,并好好相处。
电影《局外人》就是一个很好的例子。Greasers出身贫寒。Socials是站在铁轨右边的。
然而，在故事中，双方都陷入了困境。Socials，或者说Socs，只是有更多的钱和更好的车。
以上就是本期词汇掌故节目的全部内容。不要忘记练习使用“to be from the wrong or right side of the tracks”这个表达。
欢迎收看下期节目，我是安娜·马特奥!